Cheerleading

Introduction
Do you know what Cheerleading is if not then I will tell you and teach you in this book about Cheerleading. So what I am going to teach and tell you about in this book is different types of Teams, Tumbling, and the Competitions. Do you love Cheerleading well if you do that is great but if you don’t then you should consider reading this book. Cheerleading is no ordinary sport it is were you learn how to do stunts, tumbling, what team you are going to be on and it is where to get to met new friends to. Cheerleading is good when you want to get better at your tumbling and to learn new skills and where you get to met new friends and sometimes when you are watching football then you see Cheerleaders and you can be on one of those teams to. So now let’s get into the book and learn what cheerleading is all about.

Teams
Did you know that there are different kinds of teams in cheerleading if not I am going to teach, and tell you all about this. Teams that are judged by a panel of Cheerleading experts on difficulty and execution. Cheer squads typically have between 5 to 35 athletes. Cheerleading is fun when you get put on a team and then sometimes you get on a team that you don’t like so then you can get angry but if you do it more then you will love that you got on that team. Well Know that you now about the teams they have you can go on to the tumbling on the other page.

Tumbling
	So do you know how to to do tumbling? Well some people may know how to but some maybe don’t know so I am going to tell ou and of course teach you to. So if you want to know how to do a back handspring then I will teach you so how you do it is you have to be flexible and you have to know how to do a backward walkover and then you go to someone like a couch and they can teach you and after years or months then you would be able to do them anywhere. Then if you want to do a round off then you need to be able to do a cartwheel then you just snap your legs together and then you have a round off. So know you know how to do a round off and a cartwheel then you can hope on over to the Comitisions and I will teach you all about them in the Comitision so go on over so you can find out more. One more thing you can do good on the Competitions if you just believe in yourself and you need to do more stuff to do the competition.

Competition
	Do you know what a Cheer Competition is? If not I am going to teach, and tell you. A Competition is when a Cheer squad compete against each other at a Competition and also when you do Cheer then when you go on stage to perform then you get a little nervous but is its fun when you are done and you won’t regret it. When you go to a Cheer Competitions then your routine is usually a 2 minute routine and you usually do your routine with music that includes stunts, jumps, and tumbling. So now you know what Comitisions are.

Conclusion
	So know that you now about the Teams, Tumbling, and the Competition that you would want to start Cheerleading and If you are looking for a adventure then you should do Cheerleading. Some people may like cheerleading but some people may disagree with me so if you don’t like cheerleading then you can reread this book and the second time you read this then I hope you will love it. Some people may like Cheerleading after reading this book. So if you are reading this book then you should like or consider doing Cheerleading if you hadn’t already started doing
