Immigrants

“Gold” Ma said.
People have items in the gold rush like gamesclothes, and tools.Which will let you know what time period it is.
Another example is when you feed your cat make sure you do not feed your cat do not wear your nice clothingit will not look too good.
Conclusion

	In conclusion kittens are a good pet because they love to play because be responsible of your pet and keep your pet feed and most of all because they sleep with you I think you should get a kitten because they are a good pet to love you.
There are numerous rare rocks and minerals also there are tons of common rocks and minerals.
First of all the four most rare rocks are 1 Diamond 2 Ruby 3 Sapphire and 4 Emerald.
Silver costs $15.50 per ounce and gold costs $1288.70 per ounce.
Not only is gold worth more per ounce than silver but it is also the denser of the two metals.
Learning about witch rocks and minerals are Rare Common Birthstones and about Silver and Gold.
You probably know what i am going to teach you about since it is on the front page ANYWAYS it is about hawaii and i bet you know a lot about hawaii or you might know about it some of you might even went there!!!
So relax get some snacks and enjoy!
Wildlife

Hawaii’s wildlife is basically the most important thing also did you know that The reef triggerfish also known as the rectangular triggerfish or by its Hawaiian name humuhumunukunukuapua’a, also spelled humuhumunukunukuapua’a or just humuhumu for short, is one of several species of triggerfish.
I know it might be confusing to say that word but the word humuhumunukunukuapua’a means triggerfish

Places

Food

Conclusion
From what animals they feast on what they do in the pack to help out and how the wolfs grow up.
Because of this they have to hunt a lot especially if they are in a pack and they have to feed everyone.
But they don’t just have to eat large animals they can also consume smaller creatures such as birds fish fruit, and more.
The alphas are the ones who go hunting for the pack and choose den sites and more they are the heavyweight lifters of the pack.
Another way would be through body language for instants if a wolf feels threatened it will growl and get into a sort of fighting stance.
All in all the grey wolf is a marvelous creature from what animals it eats to how they contribute to the pack and life growing up as a wolf.
Although it seems like wolves are growing in population people are still hunting these animals just imagine life without wolves?
At last my favorite part you can buy things like dancesskins  even more,.....
On fortnite there is a lot of dance one of them was floss hype even orange justice three of those was some of the rare emote.
Skins
On the first subtopic you learn about dance And in this page you learn about skins all player like skinks there are many skins there are black knight Hybrid, raptor and a lot more.
Skins is rare in fortnite just like the dances the are rare because you it will be fun when you have skin.
Gray Wolves

Gray wolves live travel and hunt in packs.
But they only olive in some parts of the world Gray wolves are beautiful and amazing creatures.
There is a mom a dad, and an offspring.
Wolves eat large hoofed animals including deer elk moose and caribou.
They also eat smaller things such as birds fish, lizards, snakes, and fruit.
This is a baby deer witch is easy for a wolf to catch 

Where they Live
“Gray wolves were once common throughout all of North America, but were exterminated in most areas of the UNited States by the mid 1930s.” (source 3 Basic facts about gray wolves.)
today they have to live in Canada Alaska the Great Lakes and the Northern Rockies and the Pacific Northwest.
Even though they don't live all over the world you should still appreciate them even if you can not see them for yourself.
Glossary 

Packs: a group of people or things that operate as a hunting and attacking pack 
Scavenger: an animal that feeds on carrion dead plant material, or refuse.
Today on you’re rolling adventure you will learn about roller hockey in three sections first the gear second how it’s competitive last but not least the famous people.
The eleven pieces are helmet mouthguard (optional) elbow pads gersy chest piece butt guard cup cup pants long socks knee pads, and roller blades.
The fun part about competiness is you get to walk or hiit things like the puck friend (later) the bird, or the stick.
About that hitting a friend is now were talking about playing with or against your friend you can mess with them, target them or switch jerseys with them.
You’re going to learn about Bobby Orr Wayne Gretzky and Patrick Kane.
bobby orr grew up in parry sound ontario canada and he played for Boston Bruins Chicago Blackhawks and candida.
You learned about gear and how some play with ten gear equipment secondly it’s competitiveness and how some players get in fights!
Gaming PC
CYBERPOWERPC i think that you should buy this gaming PC because it has intel core AMD FX 6300 processor, and lots and lots of other things that will make you look like a gamer and your gaming setup look like a true gaming setup this gaming setup runs like a real gaming setup.
About dog

Do you know that a baby dog is call a pup or puppy a dog is call a puppy until it is one year old now dog are sometimes referred to as man best friend because they are kept as domestic pets and are usually loyal and like being around human.
Dog breed

The earliest dog breeders used wolves to create domestic dog from the beginning human purposefully bred dog to perform various task the sleek greyhound types bred to chase fleet football prey and the huge mastiff.
to you dog and he went to and get a drink and ya then the dog come back and you see the dog had a drink if you want to do the well go teach the dog

How do dog become a pet

New evidene dog most probably evolved from wolves at a single location about 20000 to 40,000 year ago a study suggests by looking at the rates of change to the DNA from the oldest specimen.
scientists were able to place the timing of the domestication of dogs to between 20000 and 40,000 year ago.
My dad band me a stek and a morshmelow gramcrake and a choklet then I got up and carfoly wake over to the fiyer and in now time at all it was dan after all it was sort of hard to eta becase I hade 2 big cots on my nes and one big cat on my chest but I made it throw aliv.
Feb. 27 2019
 VertigoInfo.
I'm going to teach you about the rules positions and playing the real game of soccer.
Here some rules that are in soccer you can header the ball some seasons or you can drop kick the ball something.
Positions
	To continure here are the positions.
There are many positions like goalie or defence there is one person in the goal and three people playing defence.
Two other positions are midfield or forward there is two to three people playing mid field and three playing forward.
To move on here's how to play with rules and positions.
All in all soccer is a fun game to play.
If you ever play soccer you can look back at this paper and remember the rules the positions and playing the real game of  soccer!
27 2019
Info.
In this essay you will learn how to get Started The Approach and Drills.
The first thing you will do when you're doing gymnastics or the Ariel, is stretch.
You can stretch your ankles wrists, back, and shoulders.
If you are trying a Aerial then you should have a solid cartwheel.
If you don;t then you should not try the Aerial just ye.
When you finished stretching and doing some cartwheels then be ready to work on Aerials.
After you've mastered the dive cartwheel you can try a pop cartwheel.
It's when you do a cartwheel but when your hands hit the ground you take them of the ground.
It's when you do a cartwheel but when your hands hit the ground you take them of the ground.
Once you've mastered the pop cartwheel you should practive your takeoff in the Aerial.
After you/ve mastered all of those steps you can ask someone strong enough to spot you in the Aerial.
Drills
	Some drills you could try to help you get closer to and Aerial is if you have access to a trampoline then you could try jumping and kicking your feet together and do and Aerial because doing the Aerial on a trampoline you could hurt yourself if you do a ground Aerial.
They are when you go into a handstand and when your hands touch ground you hop.
Conclusion
	All in all I hop you got your Aerial.
Warning: not all exercises are suitable for everyone so if you don't feel comfortable doing it then don't try it.
Did you know that 99% of your body is made out of oxygen carbon hydrogen nitrogen, calcium?
Look around everything you see is made up of a compound.
For example how water is formed and how the atoms connect.
Some elements are metals some are gasses, some are liquids, and some are both!
Did you know that 5000000000,000,000 atoms can fit in the eye of a needle?
Consequently it is easily broken.
Some natural some artificial.
Some are metals some are gasses and some are unknown!
Some fo the metals include; gold which many of you have heard mercury copper lead titanium (the strongest useful metal) iron tungsten, lithium, and many other.
Furthermore the nonmetals are hydrogen carbon nitrogen oxygen phosphorus sulfur selenium hydrogen, and some others.
Now if you look at the periodic table and look for gold you wouldn't see "gold" in there, you
This means that they aren't made up of anything they were just there.
Now you know that that doesn't make sense.
Harry Gee Cardiff says "Some theorists suggested quarks might themselves contain particles known as 'preons'."
First we will learn about what Grey Wolves look like.
Then we will learn about how Grey Wolves Hunt.
Finally we will learn about what Grey Wolves eat.
Well  the Males are always larger than the females.
Their fur can be any shade of grey brown black white or tan.
In the winter a Grey Wolf;s fur is darker on the neck shoulders, and rump.
Well we just learned about what Grey Wolves look like.
Hunting
Hmm I wonder how Grey Wolves hunt.
Wait a second I do know how they hunt.
Wow that is a really interesting and amazing way to hunt!
First we are going to talk about the big things that Grey Wolves eat.
The regular big things are the Elk Moose and Bison.
We just learned about what Grey Wolves look like how they hunt and what they eat.
Goodbye have a great day.
“Down up one down up two” coach D chanted as coach A walked around and gave corections.
It was a Thursday the sun was glaring down at the black-top while the breeze scooped some of the heat and blowed it far away.
“Down up eight down up nine, down up ten, good your done” coach D said as if he had said it so many times he was about to fall asleep.
I gulped hard I’m horrible at basketball.
What attraction has been over 2000 years and is called the world's 8th wonder?
They were built by the emperor of China thought to be cursed, and is visited by one millino tourists each year.
The Terracotta Warriors were built by Qin Shi Huang the emperor of China.
They ended up building about 8000 of them, and they were all put in a special order.
There were soldiers horses, and chariots.
The clay figures have been untouched for more than 2000 years, until in 1974, seven chinese farmers discovered it while digging.
Shortly after that three of them caught disease or died early deaths.
From then on people believed that the clay warriors were cursed.
In conclusion the terracotta army was built by the emperor of China once thought to be cursed and is one of the most famous attractions in China.
Did you know that gymnastics was made in 1881 that was about 4000 years ago.
I'm going to teach you about Who created gymnastics, Why gymnastics was made, The events of gymnastics, The differents levels of gymnastics, and competition.
He was born on August 11 1778 and died on October 15, 1852.
He died when he was 74 so he basically lived a fool life.
He was born in Lanz Brandenburg Prussia.
Why was gymnastics created
Gymnastics was made so people can be active have fun and learn how to do skills.
Gymnastics was made was made because after a war  Friedrich country's amy , he came up with a idea so he started to work.
All the events in gymnastics
There are events in gymnastics there are Uneven Bars Beam Vault and Floor Rings Parallel bars Pommel horse and Horizontal Bar, Women and Men usually do different events.
Like the boys do Floor rings parallel bars horizontal bars pommel horse, vault.
The different levels in gymnastics
There are ten different levels in gymnastisc there is level 1 level 2 level 3, level 4, level 5, level 6, level 7, level 8, level 9, and level 10.
Level 10 is the highest level there is in gymnastics they also do the hardest things for example they do double backflips, front twist, back twist, and double front flips.
For example level 1 is the first level there is level 1 you are just learning the basics.
Competition
In gymnastics you have to go to competition if you in a level but if you are not in a level then you don't have to go to competition.
Competition can be hard but sometimes it can be easy.
It;s hard because there are other teams from different gymnastics it makes it hard because you are all competing against each other first place of second place, nobody really wants third place.
I taught you about  Who made gymnastics was created All the events in gymnastics, All of the levels in gymnastics, and Competition.
Well I do because A new person each weekend could take him home it could be someones job every week to feed him, and we have opsions.
Baseball takes a lot of teamwork and practice because you need to work with your teammates. to win you need to cooperate with your teammates, and most of all, because you need to cheer them on.
Although baseball takes a lot of of teamwork because to win you need teamwork and because you have to help each other out because you have to cheer them on.
For example in our game my teammate was going to strike out but then we started chanting You can do this and he hit it very hard and far.
In conclusion baseball takes a lot of teamwork because to win you need teamwork you have to help each other out, and most of all you have to cheer them on.
February 27 2019
Info.
You will learn about safety some wrestlers, and some tage teams.
Plus if it's for a title or something it could be really disappointing.
For example I will tell you about a wrestler named Roman Reigns.
As you can see he is a very tough wrestler.
For example when I went to Smackdown Live he came over and gave us high fives and said " let's go boys."
And this on guy on their team Kofi Kingstom is a great wrestler.
Overall they're a great tag team.
You got to learn about the safety some wrestlers, and some tag teams.
Today I am going ot be teaching you about pugs so if you want to know more about pugs than this is the perfect informational book for you!
Colors of fur

	As you might know pugs have lots of fur but what color is their fur?
That's why I am here to answer that question.
And because I know alot about pugs!The color for pugs fur are usually Black Apricot Fawn, and Silver Fawn.
Shape of the tail

	Each tail for any animal like  a car or a dog  is always going to be different but pugs have curvy loopy tails and some might even have 2 or 3 loops but most pugs only have 1 loop or a curved pug tail.So make sure to go on to the next chapter because I will be talking about why you should get a pug someday.
Why you should get a pug

	As you may already know pugs are greats pets and you should get one someday.And in this chapter I will be telling you all of the reasons why you should get a pud someday.So I am first going to start of by listing all of the things that you can do this a friendly pug.You can sleepplay a little game of fetcheat a little dish of dinner with your pug and last but not least you can go out and take your pug to the dog park if you want to.
And don't forget to the pet store someday and go ahead to get a pet pug or you can try to get a baby pug someday at the pet store and thank you for reading my book.
I belive we should have yoshi becuse a lot of people have been up set badn braging in casle crashand we never had proublems in yoshi.
In the end you can see yoshi is beater then casol crush bbecuse alot of people have been geting upset have been braging and we never had these problems in yosi.
Thats why I believe we should have one hour of computers a week because we only get thirty minutes a week we should get todo other things than ST Math Most of all we should have time to change backrounds.
In conclusion I realise it’s good to have a little bit of computer time bbut it’s better to have an hour because we only get 30 minutes a week we should be able to do other things not just ST Math and most of all we should have time to change backrounds.
This informational writing will tell you about the rooms life at the mission and the Spanish and the Native Americans

The Rooms
Fun fact: La Purisima was the only mission built in a straight line.
chapter 1 Tip of decorations chapter 2 Tip of food and desserts , chapter3 Tip of cakes ,chapter 4 Tip of games ,chapter 5 make invitations .
Chapter 2 Tip of food and desserts
You can get a lot of food for example chip and salsa and make tacos  tamales  cupcakes , cookes.
Chapter 3 Tip of cakes
There is a lot of cakes in the world and they are good for example there are 3 leche  and chocolate bread to .
Did you know how the Universe formed ?Keep reading .And also my subtopics are Did you know how the  Universe is expanding right now  Do you know how a Black hole forms  Do you know how a star forms  Do you know how to travel forward in time …
Everyone in World knows light is the fast thing in the Universe but many people don’t know how far can travel in one sd they say light travels at 1000 km per sd or more .
If you don’t exactly how far can light travel in one sd it travels.
The speed of light in a vacuum is 186282 miles per second (299792 kilometers per second).
“You might have notices this p talks different then the heading ”
Mabe light travels very fast but the Universe is very very big that million of years to go out of the Universe.
Imagine a room of a lot lottery not one shirt will fit in the room if you try it really hard it will turn into Black hole .There are one ways a Black hole can form .
When this progress starts in the stars core there will a little bit iron  it builds up in the core.
Do you know that in some ways star can form inside a star ?The First way is a really massive star burn really hot and fast .
When this progress starts in the stars core there will a little bit iron it builds up in the core.
As you approach the speed of light your clock runs so slow you could come back 10,000 years in the future.’ The theory is based on Einstein’s Theory of Special Relativity that states to travel forward in time, an object would need to reach speeds close to the speed of light.
Conclusion
In my book I thought you about some of the special things in Universe.And again my subtopics are  Did you know how the  Universe is expanding right now  Do you know how a Black hole forms  Do you know how a star forms  Do you know how to travel forward in time .
Now you know some special things in Universe now go and became astronaut...
I will teach you about Best Paper Airplanes And who There Made By also Gliders/Dartes/Hybrids, also How To Fold A Good Paper airplanes
So probably the best paper airplane there is is Suzanne and also it was made by John Collins the paper airplane guy and hear is his site thepaperairplaneguy
Gliders/Dartes/Hybrids
Do you know about Gliders Dartes and Hybrids ?
The subjects I will be talking about are feeding you dogcleaning up their messand playing with your dog.I hope you will like my edvis about being responsible with dogs.
To add on you also need a pepe pad so they can go pe.Another tool to help is you believe it or not you can potytran your dog with this tool that I just said the pepe mat and the pooper scooper they can help you potytran your dog.
Feeding your dog
When you have a dog you need to feed it.What you need to feed it is dog food and give it water to drink after they eat.The most dog foods I know is kibble n bitsand Beneful some canned dog food is Bellato add on royal canin.Also you can get treats to be nice to your dog some dog treats are turkey jerky also wildness is a treat.
Playing with your dog
To have a healthy dog you need to play with them like on the grass or in the house but if you don’t want to play get a toy for them any type ever any color redblue,green,pink, any color it will still be fun for them.
Better known as a dog I going to tell you all about them.
the dog needs exercise Stay hydrated stay healthy and Attention makes the dog happy.
Conclusion
So I hope you get a Yellow Lab because I told you a lot about them even though I didn’t tll you everything all in all their really cool dogs and very pretty and they are the sweetest dogs ever and super friendly they always want to play and they always always want to be your friend.
Well if you did not My chapters are Different types of Bikes Gear and Tricks.
The bads are special cause they protect your knees elbows, and feet.
Today I’ll be telling you about what shih tzus eat and how they act, and what you need to take care of them.
Sometimes you make your dog food for example turkey chicken, and sliced up carrots.
Frist what you need to take care of a shih tzu is food water, a leash, a dog bed, and you have to be very patient.
Now you know you are an expert on what shih tzus eat how they act and what you need to take care of them.
I am going to tell you about injuries the big leagues, and the journey!
RC cars and drones
You haven’t seen Jones RC qcars ever in your life do you want with me you don’t know about them if you know About them and don’t like them then you like to go and get one this when you I don’t know where if you don’t want to what are sea because then if you don’t want the other woman you could just get the other one except For if it’s more money less money and you can get it or you don’t have to and if you would get one or another if you don’t like the drawing then you don’t like the RC car then if you don’t know how to control them then ask your parents to tell you the the instructions and if you don’t even know the instructions then you have to go get A new one if you don’t.
Well if you do you will maybe like this book but anyway I am going to teach you some facts about space, but I will also teach you about the different planets out there in space, but what about the sun?
I bet you didn’t know about that and now jupiter did you know the great red spot on jupiter has been around for a long time!
Like the fun facts about space different planets and our bright sun.
In 1984 a legend was born that legend is Lebron James.
He is know for is acrobatic dunks flashy passes, and the best of all he is the best player to play BASKETBALL.
James had a hard beginning but then a flash happens turning him into a star, and what he has accomplished in his life is amazing.
They never had a house to stay at they were moving to friends couches and to streets.
Obviously that means James had talent when he entered high school it’s where it all changes.
Lebron kept dominating averaging 25.2 points 7.2 rebounds, 5.8 assist, and even 3.8 steals.
James blew up people were calling him the chosen one the Akron hammer the I train the goat, and my favorite one king James.
He got so popular in high school in one game 2003 people came.
This is how it ended he said “ I have decided to take my talents to south beach and join the Miami Heat.” Fans in Cleveland were devastated burning his jerseys crying screaming, sadly they even tried to kill him.
Accomplishments
In his first year he was named the Rookie of the Year finishing with averages of 20.9 points 5.9 assists and 5.5 rebounds per game.
Trash in the ocean
	By Anna pictures by Anna
Plastic Bottles Plastic Bags Cigarettes, Food Wrappers, Plastic Utensils, Straws.
Beverage Cans Paper Bags (and Styrofoam cups These are the most common types of trash found in the ocean.
(Subtopic #2 the great pacific garbage patch )
Do you know about the biggest trash patch is the ocean well it’s the great pacific garbage patch is the biggest patch of trash in the pacific ocean .it is in the middle of America and hawaii.
Conclusion
Did you enjoy learning about what trash is found in the ocean the great pacific garbage patch.
Minecraft is a fun game where you can craft items fight monsters and other fun things.
Mobs are animals or monsters in Minecraft That you can ride breed feed or even tame them so they can become your pet.
Some of the mobs that can hurt you include skeletons zombies, creepers and phantoms.
They burn at daytime just like zombies and skeletons.
Items are things you can get by breaking blocks crafting them or killing mobs.
Some items are tools that you can use to kill mobs break blocks or plant crops.
Now you know about Mobs Items and other facts about Minecraft.
Dribble dribble dribble.
He shoots the defenders try defend him but not today.
Buckets The warriors win 99-98.
You will learn what gear you need for basketball where to play basketball and very famous basketball players and really good teams.
For example you need special shoes for basketball because if you wear regular shows they get ruined because you run a lot in basketball and the bottoms get worn out.
You don’t have to wear basketball shoes if you are just shooting but in a game you should wear basketball shoes.
One time I was play basketball in my reguer shoes and when the game was over the bottoms were practically worn off.
Also if it’s raining you don’t want to be outside playing basketball right?
There is are a lot of gear you need you need to play basketball in a certain place and there are alot of good players on really good teams.
Also wolves can adapt to most habitats.
For example elk dear moose and caribou.
Wolves are carnivores they can hunt alone with a pack, or they will steal prey from other predators.
Wolves make full use of the animal Including the bones and hair.
Wolves can be many different colors such as white gray, brown, black, tawny, and cream color.
“Adult male wolves average 95-100 pounds while the adult females average 80-85 pounds”.from the article (Mac Como Zoo gray wolf).
The male body length averages around 5-6 ½ feet while the females average around 4 ½ - 6 feet.
Wolves are digitigrades that means they only walk on their toes.
“The wolf’s large simple stomach is better adapted storing food than quick digestion.From the article(Mac Como Zoo gray wolf).
In conclusion a wolf is a very interesting animal.
Koalas are interesting because theythey are not related to bears they are endangered.and most of all, because they have things to protect them.
For exampleAccording to koala express they have pouches.
Another example isaccording to koala express they have puches.
Another example isaccording to koala express they are to small to be a bear so they are small marsupials which means they are related to the kangaroo or wombat.
One xample is that they have fur to keep them warm in rain rough weather or wind.
Conclusion
	In conclusion koalas are interesting because they are not related to bears they are endangered and most of all because they have things to protect themselves.
This informational writing will tell you about the tooms life at the mission, and the Spanish and the Native Americans.
Prepare yourself for an amazing opportunity to learn about where these crazy plants live how they’ve adapted to their environment and world records!
(The fastest growing most poisonous and the stinkiest.)
Where They Live

	I will now be telling you where an amazing plants live and why it needs their environment.
Near a stream of crystal water in the middle of Africa, a small plant with fur like fuzz is thriving in the hot sun.
Although this plant looks quite fun to touch you probably shouldn’t!
First of all the stinging nettle can be located in United States Canada Europe Asia, Africa and South America.
No matter what this plant needs the sun but will usually be found by a stream or river so it can have some moisture They also need ways to get nutrients so they must consume the animal carcasses that decompose near where they live.
This is how: whenever the stinging nettle comes in contact with skin or light fur (like a horse) it is known to send off a burning and itching sensation.
How do they live in boiling hot deserts r below freezing temperatures?
In a large rocky desert in Mexico, a small cactus stands, staring p into the golden sun.
This little plant is known as the hedgehog cactus and it is hard to kill!
Hedgehog cacti can be found Southwest including New Mexico Mexico and Texas.
Although these plants are mostly found in the desert they can also survive freezing conditions.
Additionally these florae can live in boiling temperature on account that they are succulents.
Succulents are an interesting plant to know about because they have a supply of water inside their leaves stem, and roots.
Some succulents you may be familiar with are jave echeveria elegans fasicated hawthoria, and hawthoria retusa.
If there is water inside it is a succulent.
World Records

	Some plants can smell like dirty diapers moldy cheese, and rotten eggs, while others can grow 3-6 feet in one day!
It looks around for something to eat when it spots a small, shiny red seed.
It crawls over to the seed but the quickly darts away.
Filled with one of the most crucial poisons ricin, a small dose can kill a person.
However the bright colors of a castor bean are to warn animals “Don’t eat me!!!”.
Unfortunately once the flower opens it releases an odor smelling of dirty diapers rotten eggs, and moldy cheese!
As you now know it has a putrid smell.
It may smell absolutely terrible to you but to pollinators this smell is saying, “Come pollinate me, I’m food!” With it’s horrible odor, the corpse flower lures bugs, such as flies and mosquitoes, to pollinate it.
The corpse flower is only open for 24 hours and then it is forced to close.
In the forests of Taiwan a small bamboo stalk stands about 3 feet.
But by the end of the day once the sun sets it will be 5-6 feet tall!
This rising giant is known as the tortoise-shell bamboo and boy does it grow!
At a growth rate of 4 centimeters every hour you can see it grow with your own eyes!
Bamboo plants are a very interesting because these plants don’t grow new cells.
They just get bigger allowing the bamboo stalks to grow taller.
One of a flower and the other is just a plant.
As you can see plants are incredible creatures that do a lot to survive.
Many of them are not extreme but they do a lot to help the earth.
Predators of the deep sea
First of all what predators live in the deep sea?
Some of the interesting predators that live in the deep sea are the Vampire squid Pelican eel, Fangtooth, Giant isopod, and Goblin shark.
Some rare deep sea predators are Frilled Shark and Pacific Viperfish.
Predators are important to the deep sea because if there weren’t deep see predators there would be to much pray and it’s bad if there is to much pray because they will eat all the plants and then there won’t be enough for all the pray to eat.
Bioluminiscent deep sea animals
Furthermore bioluminescence helps animals survive the deep sea.
It helps them because the deep sea is very dark and with bioluminescence the animals could not see which they could not hunt as well or if they are pray and they are bioluminescent it warns predators that they contain toxins in there boty and that makes predators not able to eat them.
Some animals live in the deepest parts of the sea
In addition animals can survive the deepest parts of the sea.
“To avoid the problem of pressure many animals that live very deep in the ocean do not have any air spaces inside their bodies (e.g.
Deep sea animals can amazingly survive the extreme pressure but the animals can also survive the extreme cold water temper, the tempicher is 5 or below degrees Celsius.
In conclusion predators, bioluminescent animals, and animals living in the deepest part of the sea are all part of the deep sea.
If you like these amazing deep sea cricurs you can look up lots of things about them and maybe even find something you can do to help them.
Glossary
Bioloononesent: The emission of light by living organisms such as fireflies glowworms and certain fish jellyfish, plankton, fungi, and bacteria.
Although it is believed that bioluminescence is involved in animal communication it’s function in many organisms has yet to be understood.
I am going to teach you about and how to act.
You are going to learn what your body movements should be like you are going to learn about the sounds you should make at the right times and you are going to learn the face expressions you should make at the right times.
If you are going to want to act you need to know what your body movements should be like.
For example if you are going to pretend to be scared, you are going to want to step back and look right at the thing you are scared of and have wide eyes.
For example one time I was in an acting class and I just pretended that I was actually where I was pretending to be.
Also when you are pretending to be very engaged in a conversation you might want to take a step forward if you are telling a lot of useful things.
Of course if you are going to act you will want to know what face expressions you need to make at the right times.
For example if you are scared you should have wide eyes and a face that looks nervous.
If you are pretending to be nervous because of someone but you want to pretend that you pretending to be happy but you are actually nervous you should show a half smile and look down every once in awhile.
Also when you are pretending to be keeping a secret and someone is talking about something you lied about and they don’t know you did you should just keep your mouth closed and look down just a little and don’t really acknowledge what the person is saying and just stand there.
Also sometimes squint when you are pretending to try to see something or pretending the sun is in your eyes.
Now you have learned some things about and how to act.
For example you have learned about the body movements you should make you have learned about the different sounds you should make, and you have learned about the face expressions you should make.
Today I will be teaching you about dogs and how to adopt them and how to care for them even how to exercise and feed.
And make sure do only feed your dog dog food.
However their preferred prey is large animals such as deer elk and moose.
Also they eat smaller mammals birds fish lizards snakes, and fruit.
Intro
What do you think about when you hear “Insect?”  Eww right?
Now get read-y get set, and LET’S BUT OUT!
Species
To start in total there are about 350,000 kinds of insects.
There are Ladybugs Rhinoceros beetles, and a whole bunch of others.
Here’s a link to look at some different types: https://www.britannica.com/topic/list-of-beetles-2072991  Anyways beetles are big and small.
Crazy right?
Some kinds of beetles since there are so many just eat every kind of food.
The others feed on things like plants dead or alive other insects some scavenge and some even eat your own blood!
When you see a beehive you mainly just run away because you don’t want to bee stung.
Well you may also run away from 1 bee.
But have you ever wondered the bees do?
They forage for the food AKA pollen, and nectar.
Also for some weird reason, drones are kicked out in winter.
Now if they can live anywhere, do some live in the arctic?
Bees wasps, plant lice, butterflies, moths, mosquitoes, and flies all live in the arctic circle.
Well animals that mainly feed on insects my die of starvation because they don’t have food to eat.
Also plants that rely on pollinators like bees, will die away.
So since bugs are important, next time you see a bug in your house, let it out.
If you see a bug outside leave it alone.
If they do they all start with an egg  Not much to say.
It is the ladybug butterfly, or whatever you see.
Cats are the best pet because they are playful they cuddle you, and most of all they are nice to new people.
Although cats are the best pet because they are playful they cuddle with you, especially cats are the best pet to have is because they are nice to new people.
Conclusion
In conclusion cats are the best pet to have because they are playful they cuddle with you and most of all because they are nice to new people.
These people were on Apollo 1 Soyuz 1 Soyuz 11 Challenger and Collumbia.
Apollo 1 killed a crew of three including Gus Grissom Edward White and Roger Chaffee on January, 27, 1967.
Other things started going wrong including faulty communication which they fixed for the most part.
Later approximately 3 months after Apollo 1 tragedy struck again.
Soyuz 1 killed Russian Vladimir Komarov, on April, 24, 1967.
Unlike Apollo 1 Soyuz 1 launched successfully on April, 23, 1967.
Unfortunately things started going wrong right off the bat.
During launch the left satellite did not come out cutting the power supply in half.
Because of that one problem things automatically started to go wrong.
On April 24 1967 it was time to return to Earth.
The impact caused the solid fuel booster to blow up killing Vladimir Komarov.
About 4 years later tragedy struck a third time.
Soyuz 11 carried aboard Georgi Dobrovolski Victor Patsayer, and Vladislav Volkov.
Like Soyuz 1 Soyuz 11 launched successfully June 6, 1971.
Today during reentry people are more protected but not in 1971.
Back on earth the person communicating with the astronauts thought there was a communication problem but only when the rescue opened the capsule did they find out the three of them did not make it.
The Challenger carried Mike Smith Dick Scobee Ron McNair Ellison Onizuka Christa McAuliffe Gregory Jarvis and Judith Resnik, on January, 28, 1986.
On the day of the launch it was 32 degrees fahrenheit and footlong icicles hung from the launch pad.
As the space shuttle rocked through the air flames started making their way out of the boosters.
The flames burned through the fuel tank and supports that held the boosters to the fuel tank causing the boosters to fall.
NASA learned from these mistakes but about 17 years another setback took place on February 1, 2003.
On February 1 David Brown William McCool Michael Anderson Kalpana Chawla Rick Husband Laurel Clark and Lian Ramon lost their lives in the Columbia.
During launch a piece of foam insulation the size of a couch from the fuel tank hit a seal on the left wing.
Surprisingly the Columbia was able to make it into space.
Although Apollo 1 Soyuz 1 Soyuz 11 Challenger and Columbia have failed to return their crew safely to earth there are still many benefits of space flight.
How Global Warming effects these animals is by destroying their shelter kills their food sources and causing more destructive natural disasters.
In the forest global warming destroys animal shelters and destroying trees by causing them to die from thirst.
Just so you know by cutting down trees for houses or for other uses we release co2 that the tree absorbed.
In the Arctic global warming melts its ice strands animals and rigged some food chains in the Arctic already.
For example polar bears feast on seals but global warming kills the polar bears then the seals get overpopulated and eat more and more fish that also means that there is less food in the ocean for predators that prey on fish this also goes for other animals in the Arctic.
In the Ocean co2 poisons the water and kills fish global warming is also causing the destruction of coral reefs, the ocean has already lost ⅓ of its coral reefs which will endanger the species that depend on the coral to survive.
Like I already mentioned global warming destroys coral that fish depend on for food and shelter this will effect sharks dolphins tigers wolves, etc.
The forest is where most Herbivores are and Carnivores that prey on them how global warming effects both of them is it destroys food producing plants that animals depend on(us too!)
Global warming doesn’t just make natural disasters appear more often but it makes them more destructive.
For example natural disasters such as hurricanes and tsunamis that form on water kill many animals in the ocean.
Other natural disasters like forest fires and tornados that form on ground kill lions elephants and other animals that you might love.
In the artic is were heat waves(heat tempetures that the animals in the artic are not use to) frys animals and melts the ice.
Where are some ways to help slow down global warming and help the animals Walk bike skateboard or take a bus instead of using a car plant trees and other plants(plants and trees absorb co2), carpool(burn less gas), use LED light bulbs(save more energy than regular light bulbs), use rechargeable batteries(less E-waste), bring cloth bags instead of paper or plastic(plastic fills up landfills and paper is made by cutting down trees which releases the carbon dioxide that is in that tree), don’t forget the 3 green R’s(reduce, reuse, recycle)
As you can see global warming effects animals their food and habitats and the danger levels of natural disaters for them.
You know that if we continue this rate of climate change animals might face extinction and we might be one of them.
Extinction: the state or process of a species family or larger group being or becoming extinct.
CO2: Carbon dioxide is a colorless odorless gas found in our atmosphere.
Its chemical formula is CO2 which means it is one carbon atom bonded to two oxygen atoms.
So what I am going to teach and tell you about in this book is different types of Teams Tumbling and the Competitions.
Cheerleading is no ordinary sport it is were you learn how to do stunts tumbling, what team you are going to be on and it is where to get to met new friends to.
Teams
Did you know that there are different kinds of teams in cheerleading if not I am going to teach and tell you all about this.
If not I am going to teach and tell you.
When you go to a Cheer Competitions then your routine is usually a 2 minute routine and you usually do your routine with music that includes stunts jumps, and tumbling.
Conclusion
	So know that you now about the Teams Tumbling, and the Competition that you would want to start Cheerleading and If you are looking for a adventure then you should do Cheerleading.
They have a unique diet packs, and a shrinking population.
Wolf Diet
	Wolves in packs eat large prey like deer elk and moose.
Wolves also eat smaller prey like fish birds and lizards.
Packs roam huge distances about 12 miles every day.
Wolf Population
	There are about 300000 wolves left in the world.
Wolves don’t attack humans but they still are fearful predators to other animals.
Just because of this wolves are being threatened to death by humans.
Conclusion
	In conclusion wolfs have a interesting diet, packs, and some endangered types.
Gray wolves eat animals such as deer bison, elk, and moose.
Lastly Gray wolves live in Alaska Northern Michigan Northern Wisconsin, western Montana, northern Idaho, northeast Oregon, and Yellowstone area of Wyoming.
Gray wolves are carnivores which means they like to eat meat.
They eat big animals such as bison deer moose and elk.
They can also eat smaller animals such as beavers rodents and hares.
Wolves pups are usually born in a den soon the mother moves to new dens every couple months.
Where they live
Gray wolves live in areas such as Alaska Northern Michigan Northern Wisconsin western Montana northern Idaho, northeast Oregon, and Yellowstone area of Wyoming.
Conclusion
	Gray wolves eat animals such as deer bison, elk, and moose.
Lastly Gray wolves live in Alaska Northern Michigan Northern Wisconsin western Montana northern Idaho, northeast Oregon, and Yellowstone area of Wyoming.
Did you know the vietnam war was one of 2nd longest war for America.
Let me tell all about the vietnam war and remember never ever judge a book by it's cover.
On the allies it was France some of the UK South Korea Pillapens resistance, America, south vietnam.
On the enemy's was North Korea Support from the soviet union Viet Kong, North Vietnam.
The countries on the enemy were all the conimest Conumest means that your mostly owned by the government and have to do labor all day.
North vietnam was a really strong country and had really good military skills like the suicide attack it's where you strap a mine to your chest and go charging at the enemy and when they bump into something they blow up!
While in the vietnam war army's started a hole new war rather than sticking to the same thing, they used guerilla tactics.
New weapons were used during the vietnam war like m16, m60, ak-47, m14, svt-41.
You maybe wondering why are you saying south and north vietnam.
Well let me tell you North of vietnam wanted concession but the south did not want coumession.
During the vietnam war America was defeated.
America was beat because are 37th president Richard Nixon said" we show no longer be in this war because it is to dangerous and we are losing to many people" He then started to pull troops from vietnam out of the war.
Vietnam is now a communist country because of america.
After all the american troops were pulled out South vietnam was keeping the war going for 2 months before getting taken over by north vietnam.
But that's not all get off those phones and go outside and learn what's around you you an also study more on the vietnam war.
Bye now I need to go tell my grandkids stories from the war.
Do you like stunts if yes this is the book for you snowboarding is fun because you can hit jumps you can learn new things, and most of all you can go down steep slopes.
Conclusion
Snowboarding is fun because you can hit jumps you can learn new things, and most of all you can go down steep slopes I think snowboarding is fun because it is fun.
Introduction
Have you ever wondered what crs eat Are you a cat or a dog person or different types of cats.
Conclusion
So now you know what cats eat are you a dog or a cat, different types of cats.
Even though they can be friends I vote cats!
Cats are reliable pets because they are very smart they are easy to handle and most of all, because they teach you responsibility.
For example a cat's memory is 200 times as long as a dogs!
Another example for this is that if you have an outdoor cat it will look on both sides when it crosses the street.
Lastly since they can't talk to you in human languagem they use body language such as their tails!
For example you don't need to do as much exercise for them like taking them on walks or going outside to play with them.
Second of all it is easier to plan a trip because they don't drink as much water and they don't need to go outside to do anything physical or go to the bathroom.
Lastly cats are less active and need less taking care of.
Although cats are reliable pets because they are smart or because they are easy to handle.
Lastly they teach you to be a good friend.
In conclusion cats are reliable pets because they are very smart they are easy to handle, and most of all, because they teach you responsibility.
I think that besides all of this cats are the greatest pets!
Today I will teach you about Captain AmericaHulkand Black panther.
Captain America was the first super human alive and then they did it to bucky Captain America's best friend till they got in a car crash and bucky fell off a cliffand lost his arm and his mamery of captain America and hydra fond him and gave hum a robot arm and he was turned bad, and killed tony stark's mom and dad.
Captain America has no parents but he was fine without them Captain America did not want to live with bucky because he did not want to be a problem to him and his family Steve rogers had his own house and his own life and did not want to change bukys with his life cap was frozen and hydra tryde to fish him out but they got the tesseract not cap was still alive and did not age when he was frozen and shield fond him and cut him out.
Conclosin
I hope you learned about Captain Americathe Hulk,and the Black panther And I hope that you read my next book about the Avengers with the next characters frin the Avengers.
If so this is the perfect dog for you.
Yes I said you!
If you do think of getting this dog ever in your lifetime this book can tell you many things of how to take great care of a Australian Shepherd.
In order to know the basics about this dog you will need to know a good meal for it its outer beauty and maybe even a question that many people ask like, why is it named that.
Who knows maybe this book will inspire you to become a Shepherd expert.
This Aussie is outside panting from working hard or running around on possibly a walk or just running around for fun.
A Good Meal
	“Chomp chomp!” That’s the sound of an Australian Shepherd eating a good  meal after all of its hard work in the fields.
Australian Shepherds tend to love this type of food because of the wetness but if you are the person who wants to clean up their dog bowl because it smells bad or you just want to clean it in general, it won’t be super hard but it will turn into a mess in your sink or trash can.
If you get dry dog food these dogs will eat this food for sure if their hungry.
These food are both very good and healthy for the dogs but dog treats are also great for them!
There are many different kinds of dog treats some even very unhealthy for certain breeds.
Next time you go to the store to get dog food for your Australian Shepherd I recommend to look what’s in the food.
If there are no ingredients on the container/bag you probably shouldn’t get it.
Or if there are a bunch of ingredients that sound unhealthy to dogs don’t get it.
Outer Beauty 
Gorgeous Aussies on the inside but also on the outside.
Well many Aussies (Aussie means Australian Shepherd) look very similar but there are things that look different about them like their height eyes and possibly even coat colors.
Male Australian Shepherds are commonly 20 to 23 inches tall to the shoulder while female Aussies are often 18 to 22 inches tall to the shoulder.
These dogs aren't the biggest but also not the smallest.
Many people just say that their medium sized dogs not exact height.
A lot of dogs get their normal tails cut off the get bobtails but not this dog!
The well known coat colors of the Aussies are black gray white, and tan.
But those colors are only for the Blue Aussie there are different coat colors and also for their eyes.
These different types of Australian Shepherds still do look very similar so people will know but they just have color differences.
But of course there are many more types of Aussies with many different eye colors a coat colors.
A very common question that many ask that many wonder and think of everyday.
Well there are many theories that people think, and nobody actually knows the real answer to that question, but a theory that hundreds and maybe thousands of people have is this.
Australian Shepherds are named Australian because they have a blue merle pattern (blue eyes) similar many dogs brought over from Australia to America; thus because of the color pattern they were simply called "Australian" as so many other dogs were that had the blue merle.
This explains and hopefully answers the mysterious question of "Why is it named that?
Conclusion
Meals outer beauty and even the reason to its name.
Could you be the one who will answer the unknown of these dogs?
If you don't think so  I want you to try.
Maybe like I said at the beginning, are you inspired because of these dogs?
Introduction
“Out song is smallin screen door sneakin’ out late tapping on your window when we’re on the phone and you talk real slow ‘cause it’s late and your mama don’t know” have you ever listened to that song?
If you never even heard of Taloy swift well your going to once you read this information On-Demand writing and the things your going to learn about are her sons her personal life and her accomplishments.
Well I have listened to plenty for example Trougle Look what you made me do Delicate Ready for it Our song, and Bad Blood.
The Discovery of the Grey Wolf
Did you know that Grey wolves are the largest member of the dog family and Grey wolves can weigh up to 175 pounds?
Grey wolves are carnivores animals they live in a lot of places, and they have a interesting way of behaving.
Carnivores Animals
First Grey Wolves can have a large variety of food.
For example they eat meat like elk, deer, moose, and sometimes bison.
Also if they are not successful with catching a bigger meal for the pack they hunt for smaller animals like lizards birds, and smaller mammals.
They live in a lot of Places
	Additanaly Grey Wolves can live in a lot of places.
For example they can live in Asia Alaska, and Canada.
Their Habitat has trees snow in the winter, and maybe warm in summer.
Grey Wolves have a Interesting Way of behaving
	Finally Grey Wolves have a interesting way of behaving.
For example Grey wolves can communicate by howling like we all know but also communicate by using their body.
Maybe if you have a dog this is what it does when it is happy and when another Grey Wolf wants to fight with another Grey wolf it will approach with a growl or lay it’s ears back on it’s head.
Conclusion
	In conclusion Grey wolves are carnivorous animals they live in a lot of places, and they have a interesting way of behaving.
Sometimes grey wolves die each day because of hunting but maybe when you are older you can stop grey wolves from being hunted or poisoned because soon they will be near extinction.
I will teach you about what is it bases and player/teams.
Fwoosh "Strike three you're out" the catcher says with a despairing tone in his voice.
Some of the most known teams include Dodgers Giants yankees and red sox.
There are also teams like the angeles blue jays rangers astros athletics and rays wich aren't as popular but still really popular.
I talked about rules bases and teams.
Did you know tht 80000 Americans died in World War II.
In world war Tanks u boats, and standard Beaverettes played a big role in World War II, because they were vehicles that could easily withstand harsh conditions during the war, and they were reliable to Germans or Gmericans in the war.
tanks were used to get closer to the other side of the war and to lower the other sides number of vehicles they used in the war so they could overtake the other side and win the war.
Planes were used to bomb the other side of the war to cut down on their supplies of the other side so they would have to surrender to the other side.
U-boats were used in the water they were 31 ft high and 220 ft long when it is submerged its range is 92 miles when it is surfaced the range is 9,800 miles.
Beaverettes were like small pickup like cars that were bullet proof so the people inside them didn't get hurt by flying bullets
One type was a rifle which can shoot to 4.5 miles and macine guns that can shoot up to 2000 yards, and sidearms that can shoot up to 2,200 meters.
A utility workers job was to work with water gas and electricity.
A munitions worker made weapons (guns) and ammunition (bullets hand grenades, and bombs) and was a very dangerous job to take.
Wolves communicate through howling and body language work together in a pack, and are a endangered species.
According to source 2 “The wolves’ communication skills are very important to the pack’s survival.”
According to source 2 “Wolves communicate with more than howls.
They whimper and whine growl and bark yelp and snarl.” Their howls can mean different things too according to source 1 called, “About the Gary wolf,” “A lone wolf howls to attract the attention of his pack, while communal howls may send territorial messages from one pack to another.
“According to source 2 “When a wolf wants to play it prances about happily and bows--lowering the front of its body while its rump stays up in the air with its tail wagging.
When it’s angry a wolf may furrow its forehead show its fangs or growl.” All of these things help a wolf to communicate.
According to source 2 “Wolves live in groups called packs.
A pack is a family of 7-8 wolves with a mom dad, and offspring.” To get food wolves work together.
According to source 1 “These social animals cooperate on their preferred prey--large animals such as deer elk and moose.” They do not always stay in the same pack though.
According to source 2 “Young wolves stay in their parents’ pack for at least two years before some of them take off to join other packs or to start their own.” Packs are very important.
Endangered
	According to source 2 “In some areas gray wolves are classified as endangered but in most places they are seen to have healthy population numbers.” Wolves don’t attack humans but in fairy tails they can be evil.
According to source 1 “They do attack domestic animals and countless wolves have been shot trapped, and poisoned because of this tendency.” According to source 3 called.
“Threats to Wolves’ “Thousands of wolves have been killed in the region.”
In conclusion wolves communicate through howling and body language work together in a pack, and are a endangered species.
According to source 1 “Wolves are legendary because of their spine-tingling howl.”
Glossary
Comunal: between different communities especially those having different religions or ethnic origins.
Introduction
Have you ever looked at the map and see  Africa?Did you see the Mediterranean Sea do you know that the people mad the Great Sphinx of Giza from 4500 years agoand do you know the name of The three pyramids if you don't let me spell it for you the first one is menkaurethe second one is kharethe third on is khufudo you know That egypt have a really good food.
The Great Pyramids 
WOW!They mad The Great Pyramids From 5000 Years ago that's a lotThat is going to be your sound when you read my writingand you will learn a lot of stuff about The great Pyrarnids,And let's begin.
I got some Question for you Do you know that The great Pyramids are the oldest Pyramids in the worldI got another Questions For you and I hope you will answer itDo you know that there is people in the Pyramids.And finally the last Question,Do you know that if They made the Pyramids from 5000 YEARS AGO THAT IS A LOT.I AM DONE
THE FOOD 
OMG!I want to taste the Kushari It looks so greatthat is going to be your sound if you read my writing Because It can be your favorite food,and let's begane.What's Kushari That is going to be your sound if you didn't read that, koshari, is an Egyptian dish originally made in the 19th century, made of rice, macaroni, and lentils mixed together, topped with a spiced tomato sauce.Stuffed squash is a dish of the region of the former Ottoman Empire from the Balkans to the Levant and Egypt, a kind of dolma.mulukhiyah is the leaves of Corchorus olitorius, commonly known as the Arab's mallow, Nalta jute, or tossa jute.And that is it i hope you enjoyed that.
The great Sphinx
 WOW!now i know a lot of stuff about The great Sphinx that is going to be your sound if you read my writing Because you will learn about itLet's begin.do you no that The Great Sphinx of Giza commonly referred to as the Sphinx of Giza or just the Sphinx is a limestone statue of a reclining sphinx, a mythical creature with the body of a lion and the head of a human.
Facing directly from West to East it stands on the Giza Plateau on the west bank of the Nile in Giza Egypt.I hope you enjoyed that bye
Conclusion
WoW Egypt is good place to go and the food is really great t hope that is going to be your sound if you enjoyed itand i hope now you know a lot about Egypt,and you learned alot about Egypt that is it.
Vehicles
The americans had many chicles most vehicles were shermans medium tank and pattons also tanks also R.I.B boats landing boats with machine guns jeeps trucks battleships envibus vehicles destroyers, planes, aircraft carriers, and supply/planes and dummy tanks.
The Japanese had type 97 medium tanks jeeps with arisakas in its window planes battleships, destroyers, trucks, aircraft carriers.
Conclusion
In conclusion america overwhelmed the Japanese forces and won the battle of okinawa.
Flowers come in different colors like red yellow, purple, orange and mode what is your favorite color of flowers?
Your favorite color flowers
You might what to know what is your favorite color of a flower you might like a color like purple red yellow orange or other colors you can have two different one from a flower and the other one form a color that you really like it might be a light or dark color like a dark color will be like black and a light color will be like really light pink or a really light purple or like a light blue.
Nitro funny cars are super powerful because they have nitro in the tank because they have 10,000 horsepower, and most of all because they have brave drivers.
Even though they are scary looking they are the best and fastest motorsport in the world.
Also they have a 10000 horsepower engine which is insane to think about.
To add on they have changed overtime the engines have made way more horsepower they have way different speeds and horsepower.
Another reason Nitro funny cars are super powerful is that they have 10 to 11000 horsepower.
Continuously they are SO loud they can shake you anywhere you are they're so powerful.
Drag racing is scary awesome, and frightening at the same time.
To begin with the 2 fuels they run on are either aucohaule or nitromethane.
My second evidence for that is i learn alot from my grandpa because he raced in his career so i learn alot from him In conclusion nitro funny cars are super powerful because they have the fastest accelerating engine on earth, they have huge motors, and most of all, because they have 10,000 horsepower.
Also having to wear ear muffs to keep your ear drums from being blown out by the sounds and looking at the flames coming from the exhaust pipes, and being frightened by the engine exploding and swerving all over the track?
Soccer

Did you know that over 300000000 people play soccer?
Soccer has existed since December 19th 1855.
For example the penalty kick was introduced in 1891!
For example your trying to pass the ball up the field to your teammates who try to kick the ball into the goal.
Then the other team brings it to the half field and has kickoff which gives them the ball and then they try to score a goal against your goal.
Forwards (Centre forward Second striker, and Winger.)
Midfield(Centre midfield Defensive midfield Attacking midfield, Wide midfield.)
Defender (Centre-back Sweeper Full-back Wing-back.)
Lastly the goalkeeper who will make sure that none of the balls that the other team shoots at him go in the goal.
Soccer has existed since December 19th 1855.
Without these happenings of history San Luis Obispo wouldn't be the way people know it today.
Read on to learn about the Chumash tribe the Mission period, and the Rancho period.
Whenever this tribe killed an animal or picked natural plants they tried to use up every resource from it.
The Chumash wore deerskin skirts and robes in the winter and wore tulle skirts in the summer.
Consequently the climate never bothered them.
The Chumash women would gather fruits and berries while the Chumash men would hunt rabbits, deer, and fish.
To hunt fish They built redwood canoes called tomols.
The tribe relied on this for aquatic organisms were an important part if their diet.
The Chumash diet usually consisted of fish shellfish, deer, berries, seeds, birds, rabbits, and acorns.
They would mash the acorns to make a flour which they would then use to cook breads, soups, and mushes.
The mission Period 
In the 1700's and the 1800's Spain wanted to settle Alta California to convert or change, the beliefs of the native americans.
When the 5th mission was founded in San Luis Obispo it changed the lives of the Chumash greatly.
The Spanish government bribed the tribe by promising food shelter and clothing to come and live at the mission.
Some natives needed all of these items and so they lived at the mission.
"Every morning at sunrise I wake up to the sound of church bells.
All of the mission families hurry off to church where Priests lead us in prayers.
After church we go home to breakfast.
We eat tortillas fruit and milk.
After breakfast I go to school or work in fields.
At the end of the day we eat supper and have more prayers than finally rest.
Sometimes the Spaniards are cruel to us and at other times I'm just glad to be within mission walls."
The Rancho Period  
When Mexico broke away from Spain and won independence California became a part of Mexico.
The mission period then ended because most missions were secularized.
A rancho is a huge plot of land owned by powerful people usually used to raise animals and grow crops to sell for money.
The men that owned ranchos were called rancheros and the woman who owned ranchos were called rancheros.
These people hired the native americans to work in the fields but the native americans didn't get rewarded for their deeds.
Conclusion 
AII in all San Luis Obispo has gone through a lot of history points to be the way it is today.
Today if you want to learn more about this subject further you can visit some San Luis Obispo history landmarks.
You will need the right gear you will learn when to go.
In this paragraph you will learn when to go surfing.
All in all it is better to go surf a couple of days  before it starts to downpour/ rain.
Conclusion 
Now that you have learned what gear you need and when to go get out there and surf!
Magic the gathering is interesting because there are collectables types of cards, and lastly the game rules.
Also when you opening a booster pack (get booster packs get 15 new cards) you have no idea what your gonna get!
You could get a legendary card more on that later.
Also all the cards in the game are sorted by sliver black legendary, and mythic legendary.
Although magic the gathering is interesting because the collectables also the types of cards, most of all the game rules.
First because some cards you can only use one time during your turn and some you can only use one time in the game!
Also some cards that have abilities that can help you win for example trample if a creature has trample if a creature blocks it it will take damage to the player your playing.
Dinosaurs were never cute cuddly or nice but based on some scientific evidence we have learned that they can be vicious.
First there were many different types of dinos.
Based on scientific evidence it would grow to be 15 or 20 feet tall and its mass would be 13000 to 32,000 lb!
Also based on more scientific evidence it as said that it was "0.5 meters tall" "2 meters long" and it weighed "15 kilograms".
Based on more scientific evidence it was 20 to 23 feet high it's length was 92 to 110 feet long and it weighed 100,000 to 120,000 lb!
Second there were three main eras that the dinosaurs lived in.
A couple years later the population began to regrow of different species and more sea creatures came into the water.
It was "146 to 65 million years ago" In this time the land masses were the same as right now but the continents were splitting up a d the ocean was filing in the cracks.
Third there were many different ways how the dinosaurs  went extinct.
When volcanoes erupted the lava would oze out of the volcano and burn all living life Including the dinosaurs plants and trees.
Then it would send dirt plants, and dust flying then it would clog up the air then they would have no fresh air.
Lastly There is still a lot about dinosaurs we don't know about.
I am going to teach you about Tetherballhave you ever played Tetherball?
Well I am going to teach you where you can do Tetherball How to play Tetherball also what tricks you can do!
First i'm going to teach you about how to play Tetherball when I first started playing Tetherball I was so confused that I did not know how to play Tetherball or do tricks or even do an infinity tap!
Alse if they cant reach it than if it comes around again you got to slap the ball or punch it that's a infinity tap.
Now you need to know how not tricks yet now all you need do is hit or punch or slap the ball now you know how to play Tetherball!
two you can punch the ball super hard or slap or hit the ball Three you can do two fists or one fist to block.
Now that you have learned where you can play Tetherball how to play Tetherball and tricks for Tetherball.
One reason why it is important because they are good to dance to you can sing along and it teaches happiness.
The ocean is a humongous placeand did you know that the world is half covered of water.
Different animals
In the sea there different animals for example fishclown fish great white shark hammerhead shark, starfish, killer whale, sea horse, crabs, ,blue whale, sea lions and squid but many more.
A group Of jellyfi is called a bloom  smack or swarm.
CONCLUSION 
Now you know about the ocean you should go visit it  or you can go scuba,diving, jet skiing or Water jets it's when you are connected to a rope that has water jets that you trying to balance.
You should go fishing to eat fishsharksquid or whatever you like there all good.
First were going to start off on basic sharks take the great white for example.
The great white has the most responsible attacks in a year there is about 50-100 attacks a year.
The bull shark lives in saltwater and freshwater areas unlike most sharks the bull also lives on the gulf of mexico in the mississippi oceans and in shallow waters.
Gray wolves eat many different animals for example elk, deer and moose.
Additionally according to source 3 "Wolves eat ungulates, or large hoofed mammals".
Furthermore wolf eat small prey like rabbits and other small prey.
How many are left
	THere are less than 30000 gray wolf estimated left.
According to source 1"In the lower 48 states gray wolves were hunted to near extinction though some populations survived and others have since been introduced"Additionally an estment  more how many are left in the Northern ROckies is 1675.
Wolf packs only have one female and male that mate out of seven to eight wolf in a pack.Also according to source 1"All of a pack's adults help to care for young pups by bringing them food and watching them while others hunt"
Sharks are amazing animals because they have many teeth and  there are many types and they have different personalities when they are around people
lastly you will learn about the games in Roblox.
You can use it to buy outfits gear avatars animation's, and new faces and hair styles.
You have to pay $5 for 400 Robux and $10 for 800 Robux.
Now lastly I will teach you about the games in Roblox.
Here is some examples for games: Jailbreak Bloxburg Doomspire Brickbattle Work At A Pizza Place and run hide escape.
Next I taught you about friends.
Lastly I taught you about the games in Roblox.
The most endangered sharks are the Atlantic Green Sharks Great White Sharks and also the Bull Sharks.
You’re probably thinking how can we keep our local sharks alive.While that’s why i’m here here to keep your local sharks alive.
The sharks that are most endangered are great white sharks atlantic green sharks, bull sharks.
To keep your local sharks alive make posters make flags or tell people to stop hurting sharks with your voice.
Ergo 100 million sharks die a year.
The most endangered sharks are bull sharks  great white sharks and atlantic green sharks.
You’re probably thinking how can we keep our local sharks alive.While that’s why i’m here; here to keep your local sharks alive.
The first reason why to visit the island is because you can go swimming with the animals like sea turtles fishand MUCH MORE!!!
The last place I recommend you to visit is maybe their shops so you can buy something and keep a memory of when you visited Hawaii like necklaces bracelets key chains, shirts, and accessories
I love my mom because she does stuff for me like help me with things I can't do I my own taking care of me and encouraging me to do things that I don't feel certain about.
My mom does well sometimes.
That's not the only reason my mom is helpful she also makes sure I'm okay like when I'm going on a care trip.
I know that might not seem like a lot but I probably wouldn;t be able to open the water bottle without her help.
And lastly another example is when we're out somewhere and something is happening.
I'm usually too short to see so my mom carries me up so I can.
My mom is caring to me by helping me take care of my tortoise helping me with gardening and giving me as much of her love as she can to me and my brother.
And she also takes him out in the garden when I can't everyday.
And last of all my mom is caring becase she
Conclusion
	Now you hopefully know about how much my mom takes care of me how encouraging she ism how helpful she is to me, and how amazing she is.
But before you leave I want to explain how I felt writing this.
And that made me think about how lucky I was and am to get to spend the amount of time that I do with my mom and made me appreciate the things she does for me a little more.
So if you do get to spend time with your mom go tell her how grateful you are for what she does.
But if you don't get to spend that much time with your mom you should still thank her for getting to spend time with her at all, she'll really appreciate it.
Today you will learn about what equipment you need(gear) You will also learn where do you practice.
Lastly you will learn about knowing two famous swimmers.
First of all you will learn about what equipment youj will need.
The other equipment is optional(kickboard swim cap fins, snorkel, hand paddles and a pool(the one that fits between your legs).
Then you will now learn where to swim.
If your wondering where to swim pools can be both indoors and outdoors.
Here are some examples where the pools are; Sinsheimer Arroyo Grande High School, Kennedy Fitness, 5 Cities Drive, Atascadero, and many other places.
Some places can teach you to swim while others can have ou swim, whatever you need to.
Lastly you will learn about two really famous swimmers.
He is the most famous swimmer because in the Olympics before the last couple of years in the Olympics before he retired Michael Phelps won EIGHT first places which was gold medals.
One time his goggle leaked and still broke the World Record.
Michael Phelps was representing our country which is United States of America.
He is only good on freestyle which is a stroke and he mostly wins races in the Olympics for long distances such as 400 meter freestyle 800 meter freestyle, and the mile swim(1500 meters) in freestyle.
Lastly you have learned about the two famous swimmmers.
I will be telling you about where gray wolves live what they eat and how they were endangered.
Suddenly a gray wolf leaves into view!
Most of these animals are located around Canada Alaska, Asia, Greenland, and sometimes Europe.
Furthermore these predators have warm coats for the cold places in which they live.
But with one quick leap a wolf pounces on it!
It licks its lips as it tears apart its catch.
Many gray wolves love to snack on deer moose and elk.
They also can consume lizards snakes birds and fruit.
In fact they are willing to eat 20 pounds of meat in one meal!
Consume: eat drink or ingest (food or drink)
Carnivore: an animal that feeds on meat or/and flesh
Wolves barely ever attack humans however they are still considered one of nature’s fiercest predators.
Millions of wolves were being abused in the form of shooting poisoning, and trapped because of this reason.
In 48 of the lower states solves were threatened to extinction.
Luckily multiple wolf packs survived and other spreaded.
Wolves are very impressive creatures and they accomplish a lot to survive.
As you can see it is important to wolves to live where they live to eat what they do, and no longer able to become extinct.
The score is 7-7 who is going to win?all of a suddengoal!
You are going to learn about skills that you need to win what you wear and the field that you play on.
Some fouls that you don't want to do are elbowing people kicking people really hard, knocking people over, giving people concussions and more.
On a average soccer field there are 11 people playing at ones 4 forwards 2 midfielders 4 defenders and 1 goale on each team.
On the field there are 2 penalty boxes sidelines 2 goals a center circle and 2 goal areas.
Conclusion 
All in all you have learned about the skills you need what to wear, and the field you play on.
So now that you have learned all about soccer i must go back to the game where they are waiting for me.
They lives all over the world from europe to alaska to, canada, and sometimes in deserts!
First the gray wolf behaves in many different ways.
The gray wolves communicate more than just howling they snarl yelp bark whimper whine, and growl.
If a wolf is not feeling confident “it’s body will be sinking low with its ears down with it’s head down and their tail through the wolf’s legs.” When a gray wolf howls their howl can be heard from 10 miles away!
Second the gray wolf eats a lot of different things for example, elk, deer, beavers, rabbits, and fruit.
Third the gray wolves live in many different places.
They live in alaska Yellowstone europe canada, deserts, and the northern rockies.
Lastly Gray wolves are always behaving in different ways.
If you are going to alaska canada europe or Yellowstone National park.
In addition dogs can be trained to be service dogs for the deaf and blind.
Police and Military Dogs
Police dogs are tracking dogs which means they can find missing people if necessary.
Mental and Physical Health Benefits
	On the other hand pets can also come with some pretty powerful mental and physical health benefits?
"Dogs can reduce stress anxiety and depression, ease loneliness, encourage exercise and playfulness, and even improve your cardiovascular health."
"Before receiving her Hearing Dog PIPPEN Jessica was an anxious wife and mother of two.
Always on alert Jessica found it difficult to relax in her own home.
Phone calls doorbells and alarms would go unheard.
In conclusion Dogs can be hearing and guide dogs they can help with Mental and Physical Health, also police and military dog save a lot of lives.
Did you know that according to the website volley country, the longest volleyball match ever lasted is 85 hours!?
Volleyball is an awesome sport because you get to socialize, it is fun,and most of all, because it is a good exercise.
For example at class when you do activities to practice, you sometimes get a partner an dyou can talk while you play.
Finally you also get to meet new people.
For example you get to jump up and spike the ball, which is really fun.
Finally you get to practice really fun moves.
Although volleyball is an awesome sport you get to socialize and have fun, it is mostly because it is good exercise.
For example it is good cardio because you get to run and jump a lot.
Another example is that when you do certain moves it strengthens your arms.
Finally  when you do certain stretches (for example, high knees ;running) it gets your heart a-beating!
In conclusion volleyball is an awesome sport because you get to socialize it is fun, and most of all, because it is a good exercise.
MMA is a virtuoso sport because it is fun it teaches you self defense and most of all because it teaches you respect.
Additionally if you taken an MMA class you get the play really fun games like dodgeball sometimes!
To conclude MMA is a virtuoso sport because it is fun, it teaches you self-defense, and most of all, MMA is a virtuoso sport because it teaches you respect.
The Civil War began for many reasons and life for a soldier was very challenging.
There were nearly 10500 battles fought in different parts of the country.
FOr a soldier a normal day was full of hardships for example poor clothing hunger bad weather and being bored in between battles.
A three stare general would get paid over $700 a month a private in the union made $13 a month while the soldiers in the Confederate get paid $11 a month and sometimes had to wait 6 months to get paid.
Different Battles
	The first battle bull run was the first major engagement.This battle was on land and was near the city of ManassasVirgina on July 21, 1861.
The 5 most important battles wore the battle of bull run the battle of GLorieta.
Pass the battle of Antietam the battle of Gettysburg and the Siego of Vicksburg.
In the battle of Bull RUn the union forces were doing well until the reinforcements came for the south.
Conclusion
	In conclusion the Civil War was a very deadly battle in american history.
The Civil War started for many different reasons and life for a soldier was full of hardships.
Also there were many battles fought in the CIvil War.
May additional reason for this is that dogs are good to have by your side because it shows how to take good care of them.
Also teaches you how to be responsible, and most of all, because you can learn to train them and the amount of food to give them.
For example in the text Can dogs teach kids responsibility?
Adding to this is that there's a way to to make it more of a privilege than a chore you can play and it can teach you good thing for the future.
Lastly how it helps kids learn to have fun while taking good care of them is that you can always teaching them new things in the way.
An example for this is that you can give them fresh water to keep your dog healthy and hydrated because no one wants an  unhealthy dog.
My second reason is that it is ok to give them water but you have to be careful with the water you give them because it might not be fine for you dog to drink it might have some  stuff your dog can't drink so you have to be careful they can still drink the water you give them if it's ok for them to drink, so just an idea you can give them some fresh water.
My last example is that you can play with them every day as I said in my first reason I said that it also helps you playing with them what I mean by that is that it helps you in also going outside and exercising with your pet by that you should go play with your dog instead of staying inside all the time you should akshay try to try new things with your dog.
In conclusion dogs can teach you responsibility because you can show that in the future you can maybe get a job that includes responsibility, and get
Guinea pigs are the best pet because you get to play with them they eat your vegetables and most of all, because they are a big responsibility.
First of all you will have to be fast to get them as I said before they can go 5.5 mph.
Additionally they always love to play with you and they are so active and they love to play on obstacle courses.
For example if you make a little hertel they would try and might jump over it like a horse.
In addition you can even play with a guinea pigs even when you are sick this is because they can not catch human viruses.
First of all guinea pigs can eat about 27 different types of fruit and vegetables.
Additionally most of the time for you kids out there any vegetable that you do not eat it is most likely a guinea can eat it for you.
In addition did you know that guinea pigs always have food stored right in their mouth?
First of all you have to keep their cage clean so you have to clean it at least 3 time a month.
Additionally they only have a lifespan of 4-8 years so enjoy all of your time together.
In addition you will need enough food and water for them to live.
In conclusion guinea pigs are the best pet because you get to play with them they eat all your vegetables and most of all, they are a big responsibility.
And why gymnastics is healthy who started gymnastics.
There are many different species of raptors they are carnivorous animals and  each unique body part has a role in keeping them alive.
First Raptors are in one kind of family Dromaeosaurus.
Velociraptor Microraptor and Utahraptor.
All of the Dromaeosaurus' might had have feathers even the microraptor could glied.
They had feathers sharp curled claws, and horned teeth.
Additionally Raptors hunt differently than other dinosaurs.
They have a diet of many dinosaurs and insects including small reptiles.
Raptors eat small dinosaurs like Protoceratops Struthiomimus, and many more small dinosaurs .
Raptors hunt in packs so they can take bigger dinos like diplodocus triceratops and brontosaurus.
Finally Raptors have very interesting body parts.
In the end there are many species of raptors they are carnivores animals and each unique body part has a role in keeping it alive.Maybe someday when you are grown up, you could solve all the mysteries of the dromaeosaurus.
The food familyhood, and communication are all interesting topics about gray wolves.
Gray wolves are considered endangered so we should learn more about them to save them.
They are carnivores which means they only eat meat.
Gray wolves feed on fish lizards, snakes, deer, elk, and mouse If they are lucky, they could catch a bird to feed on.
Gray wolf communication consists of whimpering whining, growning, barking, yelping, and snarling.
In conclusion gray wolf food familyfood, and communication are all important topics about gray wolves.
Gray wolves are endangered so we must do something to help them.
The grey wolf population is over 22000 wolves and is still increasing.
some gray wolves live in Europe but a lot live in Alaska, Canada, and
Asia.
The grey wolf population has increased by over 20000 over the past 30 years.
Grey wolves like to eat horned animals such as deer elk, and moose.
When the grey wolves are successful at catching prey they don't act civilized.
The pack takes care of the pups by giving the pups food protecting them from other animals and stays with the pups while the pack goes hunting.
They have adapted to different weathers and Their population has gone back up.Their actions are very interesting and their lives in the pack are action-packed.
Three toed sloth
	What is slowest mammal in the world and sleeps ten hours a day what is clumsy on land but are great swimmers?
The three toed sloth eats several different types of food they live in Central and South American and has many predators.
They also eat small lizards and carrion.
Buds is a compact growth on a plant that develops into a leaf flower, or shoot.
Descending to the ground only once a week to defecate They live in the trees and rainforest because their arms are longer than their legs and curved feet for grasping branches.
Predators
	There head turns around in almost in a 360 This allows for greater rotation which helps the sloth scan for predators like spectacled owls harpy eagles, and snakes.
Because they live in such a small area this makes it hard for the sloths to survive.
Conclusion
The three toad sloth eats several different types of food they live in Central and South American and have many predators.
Buds: a compact growth on a plant that develops into a leaf flower or shoot.
You wil learn about the gray wolf therediet the pack there behavior
Over the years countless wolves have been shot trapped and poisoned because they are so ferocious.
Gray wolves prefer to eat big animals like deer.carib) elk, and moose and wolves eat smaller animals like lizards, fish, birds, snakes,
and fruit, and they are scavengers.
In a wolf pack there is a male leader and his mate is close behind and then there are mother and father wolf ( called the alphas ) the alpha female and alpha male are also the ones that hunt the food mark the territory, and chos den sites.
Breeding season occurs once a year late January through March.
My first reason about Fortnite is that it is a video game ym second reason is that it is an action game, and most of all my last reason is Fortnite is a kid friendly game.
Ready to go to school with a cute outfit Ready to tear up your closet jour Ready to go through your hair supplies?
If it’s winter your going to wear blue colors like turquoise baby blue dark blue, and that’s it for winter.
For summer your going to want wear orange dark yellow/gold, red, and other dark colors.
But if it’s spring then wear light colors like light green light orange pink baby pink and any light colors.
it’s too cold wear a long sleeve maybe a half long sleeve.
Everything matches blue blue purple purple.
Your probably thinking what's the point of reading about gray wolves While you should know more about them like about the packs What they eat, the main habitat , and also fun facts.
Wolves eat many different things but were only talking gray wolves.
Gray wolves mostly eat ground creatures witch would be like rabbits squirrels chipmunks and really stuff like that like animals that live underground mostly.
A gray wolves main habitat is Asia and North America.And also the main place in those countries they stay at is the Forest Range  Mountain Range  Grassland Range and also the Arctic Range.
Ergo Gray wolves travel 12 to 15 miles a day.
While you should know more about them like about the packs , What they eat , the main habitat , and also fun facts.
They have an interesting are area of life food they eat and lifestyle.
Gray wolves were once common in all of North America but were killed in most areas of the U.S.A. by 1930.
Today their life has been excluded to Canada Alaska the Great Lakes the Rockies and the Northwest pacific.
Thanks to the reintroduction of wolves in 1955 Yellowstone National Park is one of the most favored places see Gray Wolves in their natural habitat.
Wolves eat ungulates or large hoofed mammals like elk deer moose, as well as beavers and rabbits and other small creatures.
Packs include the mother and father wolves their kids and older sibilings.
The alpha female and male are the pack leaders that hunt creatures choose thehome area and make the pack’s territory.
In conclusion Gray wolves have an interesting area of life, food they eat and lifestyle.
They live in Canada Alaska, the Great Lakes, the Rockies and the Northwest Pacific.
They eat ungulates or large hoofed mammals, like elk, deer, moose.
Did you know that a wolf's howl can never be like any other wolf's it is also like a thumbprint thumbprints are never the same.
Gray Wolves's have so many interesting facts Their howling.
how many are left and lastly what they eat.
Wolves are famous for their dreadful fierce howl.
Surprisingly they use it to communicate.
Also like dogs who bark, when gray wolfs howl others start to howl.
There are only 12375 gray wolves left on earth those are not a lot of Wolves.
Wolves are the largest members of the dog family.Wolves never hurt humans but wolves are considered "harmful" so that is why human has killed trapped hurt and treated wolves unkindly.
Gray wolves usually feast on elk deer, mountain goat, moose, bison, hare, beaver and, bird.
Their howl is like no other they have a big food appetite.
and lastly there is not a lot of them left.
Sharks have different diets habits, and prey.
Well if so I’m going to tell you all about their diet.
Sharks can eat many kinds of fish such as krill shrimp and plankton.
You can find them in bays oceans, rivers and estuaries.
Prey
Lastly sharks are predators they prey on fish earless seals and sea lions.
You know about their habitat their diet and their prey.
When a semi nomadic chukchi people of serbia had to expand their hunting some 3000 years agothey sought to breed the ideal sled dog.These dogs have to endurance,a high tolerance to cold and to survive on very little food.The siberian husky is a medium size working dog breed that originated originated means having a specified beginning.
These dogs are my favorite.These dogs listen very well.These dogs would way 65-75.The golden retrieveris a big dog that retrieve such ducks upland game birdsdering hunting and shooting parties.
Many Things can help you have a healthier happier, and longer life.
For example one of those things are exercising.
With a dog you will have to walk it each day.
That will get you motivated to exercise more and also what’s better than running with a friend?
Also do you ever wonder how you can prevent that happening?
Well of course there are many ways, but having a dog is one of them.
Dogs can be like a security system if something is there they will alert you by barking, whining, or crying.
Studies have shown that having a pet can help increase stress levels relieve stress lower blood pressure and boost overall happiness.
In addition petting a dog can lower your heart rate.
Pet owners (specifically dog owners) tend to have fewer chances of getting heart disease.
In conclusion There are so many benefits to having a dog.
Sri Lanka
	Did you know that Sri Lanka has 22 national parks and is ten times smaller than Texas?
Texas has only 2 national parks but Sri Lanka's and Texas's national parks are about the same size!
Sri Lanka has a lot of different types of food and drinks animals and has great places to visit.
First of all there are 22 national parks in Sri Lanka some of them are Yala Wilpattu Udawalawe Bundala Gal Oya Minneriya, Horton Plains, and Pigeon Island.
They are rice and curry string hoppers and hoppers.
Everyday people eat these meals for breakfast lunch and/or dinner.
Some of the fruits you can get in Sri Lanka (and almost nowhere else in the world) are jackfruit rambutan, dragonfruit, breadfruit, star fruit and Mangosteen.
Also there are many kinds of drinks too.
You can also put a straw in it and drink the water from it like that or you can cut it open and pour the juice out into a cup.
Also Sri Lanka is known for its tropical forests and all the species that live there.
It is mostly known as the home of Asian Elephants Peacocks Sloth Bears Fishing Cats Leopards, and Monkeys.
Some endangered animals are the Fin Whale Jungle Shrew Dugong Fishing Cat Humpback Whale Rusty-spotted Cat, Sloth Bear, Sperm Whale, Sri Lankan Giant Squirrel, Sri Lankan Highland Shrew, and the Toque Macaque.
They are endangered by illegal logging illegal hunting, global warming and making buildings where animals could live.
For example Sigiriya Royal Botanical Gardens Galle Rock Fortress Kandy, and Yala National Park.
In conclusion Sri Lanka has many different kinds of foods animals and great places to visit.
“A stare like no other animal.” well if you don’t know its a Tarsier.
The Tarsiers have either have grey brown or ochre colored fur depending on the species of the tarsier.
The hand has  fingers but it doesn’t have a thumb.
Tarsiers diet is made up of mostly insects but they also eat birds, bats, lizards, and snakes.
The tarsier has many predators but the main predators are civets arboreal snakes and monitor lizards.
There is an estimate that are only 5000 and 10000 philippine Tarsiers left in the whole world and that number is going down.
Tarsiers live in South East Asia Borneo Sumatra Bangka Beitung, Kalimata, and other surrounding islands.
The American Revolution
	War is never good funny or happy.
But looking back we can learn from past wars specifically the Revolutionary War.
There were about 1500 battles during the war.
How the War Began
	In the beginning before the war in 1763, the French and Indian war ended which was the beginning of the Revolutionary War.
The Battles of the War
The war kicked off on April 19 1775 in Lexington and Concord.
The American military lost a lot of supplies either hidden or destroyed but after the gunfire settled the British lost 273 men and the American lost 95 with this the British retreated.
The next battle was on June 17 1775, the battle of bunker hill.
As you see this war was terrible but in return America got its independence.
From the beginning to the hundreds of battles across the war to the conclusion of the great battle.
Dance is an activity that you do anywhere but some people take dance classes.
I will teach you about why people dance the history of dance, and the shows.
So go ahead and read on!
Well it’s one of the few activities that you can take a class on and yet, still be creative with what you’re doing.
Although there are types of dance that are more strict like classical ballet there are dance types that aren’t, like contemporary.
Also if you take classes during events, if people are dancing you can show them your amazing dance moves!
And you can rearrange the moves you’ve learned and like, to truly express you!
Also when people dance they put their emotions into it like happiness sadness anger etc.
Well in ballet there use to be a lot of boys and not as many girls, but now it’s almost the opposite.
Ballet started in france so all the ballet moves mean something in french.
Except some of the contemporary moves like rolls or trust falls!
First off being backstage is so much fun!
There’s a room there that has all the props and it’s amazing!Also backstage there are 5 dressing rooms one kitchen a prop room a green room for a guest dancer, 2 wings on the side of the stage, and so much more!
That’s when you give a gift and receive a gift from someone, but you don’t know who.
We do shows like the Nutcracker Rodeo, ad many more.
In conclusion the show’s the best part!
As Shama Khan once said “dance with your heart your feet will follow.” You learned about why people dance the history of dance, and the shows.
Do you like to go on car trips maybe a relaxing vacation?
There are also a lot of places to stay you ca always count on a plcae to stay being comfey there.
Well if you would like to know there are many things to do!
“If it’s not winter” if you are canadian you might pull that off Second of all you can hike!
Fishing you can do alot fishing up there.
Secondly are the trout.
Well if you did book in advance you can either be staying in a condo hotel or lake house.
Cozy warm place to stay.
Secondly is the condos that are warm, they also can be 3 stories if you are lucky.
You do nice lets get on with this.
Well thank you for reading this even if it’s not going to the public.
Well what to do  what do i do?
You seea fox it leaves when it trots.
Cabins others.
Rugby is a great sport because of all the positions all of the defensive plays and most of all, because of the tackling.
One reason is that according to ruck.co.uk there are 15 players one side at once.
Secondly some of the positions are hocker prop and left wing and these are all part of a scrum.
Lastly all positions help the team and some of the most important ones are scrum half because he/she puts the all in during the scrum another is prop the prop sets up the scrum.
One reasonable thing to do is to tackle the player you have to put your shoulder down and go under the waist.
To add onaccording to rugby coach weekly you could miss pass in a scrum.
One last thing is there is a pressure winder.
Firstly according to rugby how you can only tackle the ball carrier.
The again you can only talk in the play of field.
The last thing the ball carrier must be being held or the bell carter is not tackled.
In conclusion rugby is a great sport because of all the positions because of the defensive plays and most of all because of the tackling.
And one last thing do you think you could wright and play rugby?
It is a big issue because there is asthma attacks there’s special treatments and most of all because my family and friends have asthma.
For example when it starts your airwaves get narrower and it gets hard to breath.
To add on the disease will happen when you are being to active idt hurts your lounges and leaves you without breath.
Another reason is there is special treatments.
My evidence for this is you need to use and inhaler which puffs salbutamol which is a medication that helps you control your breathing and gives you oxygen so you can breath.
Also you can’t be active with sports or you just have to use the inhaler 30 minutes before in the middle and at 30 minutes after.
Also basketball soccer and sports that have a lot of running are not a good choice.
Although asthma is a big issue because there are asthma attacks the treatments especially because, my family and friends have asthma.
My first example is my cousin has bronchitis and her asthma makes it even worse.
Also my friend plays softball and she uses an inhaler 30 minutes before and 30 minutes after.
In conclusion asthma is a big issue because of the asthma attacks the treatments and most of all because my family and friends have asthma.
The invasion of Poland America going to war the fall of France invasion of China D-Day, the american island hopping campaign, and the Japanese and German surrender were all important events in World War two.
America was still a neutral country at the time but that would not last for long.
America Goes to War
 
On December 7 1941 at 8:00 a.m. six Japanese aircraft carriers launched 353 planes to attack Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.
Nearly 20 American naval ships 300 planes, and sadly more than 2,400 American people either died or were destroyed in the attack.
The day after the attack President Franklin D. Roosevelt asked Congress to declare war on Japan Congress agreed.
The Fall of France
 
With 800000 troops in their military force France was thought to have the strongest infantry force in europe.
The Germans prepared 1500000 troops and 1500 tanks to strike at the Maginot line.
But the Dutch army sent 10 divisions totaling 400000 troops.
The Invasion of China
 
On July 7 1937 Japanese troops invaded China.
D-Day
 
On June 6 1944 156000 American British, and Canadian soldiers invaded German occupied France from five beachheads code named: Utah beach, Omaha beach, Gold beach, Juno beach, and Sword beach.
The beachhead Omaha was a very tough beach to capture because the Germans had built gigantic pill boxes hundreds of landing craft obstacles barbed wire large concrete walls and landmines.
The vehicles used in the battle were M4 tractors Crusader gun tractors Crusader AA Mk 3s Universal Bren carriers Half track M3s Kangaroo APCs SdKfz Pumas SdKfz 250s Jeep Willys Dodge WC 51-52s Bedford MWDs, Schwimmwagens, Kübelwagen 82s, Chevrolet G-7100s, GMC CCKW 353s, and the Opel Blitz 36-7600As.
The American Island Hopping Campaign
 
On February 1945 70000 American troops invaded Iwo Jima.
Soldiers had special weapons and abilities such as shock troopers which were troopers tasked with leading an assault Flametroopers which were tasked with burning the Japanese out of their positions Assault troopers which were regular troopers and paratroopers which were special forces troopers that parachuted out of an aircraft usually at around 800 feet.
As the bombers attacked the troops prepared their plan.
180000 American soldiers attacked the beaches of Okinawa on April 1 1945.
The invasion of Poland American going to war The fall of France The invasion of China D-Day, The American island hopping campaign, and The Japanese and German surrender where all important events that we learned from so that we could negotiate instead of fighting.
Congress A national legislative body especially that of the US.
The US Congress which meets at the Capitol in Washington D.C. was established by the Constitution of 1787 and is composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
Tank a heavy armored fighting vehicle carrying guns and moving on a continuous articulated metal track
Inferior lower in frank status or quality.
Biplane an early type of aircraft with two pairs of wings one above the other.
Operation Overload was the codename for the Battle of Normandy the Allied operation that launched the successful invasion of German-occupied Western Europe during World War II.
The Doolittle Raid also known as the Tokyo Raid on Saturday April 18 1942 was an air raid by the United States on the Japanese capital.
Oneof the first things that could happen is you could snap your neck or you could brek a leg another possible thing is you could get paralyzed let me tell you something that happens to this girl at at my gymnastic place elliot she was on the beam and she went fo a round off and her hands missed the beam and she hit her head first and her neck SNAPPED she was in so much pain she could barely move it was bad she wasn’t able to do a thing for weeks which sucked because she missed nationals but any way yu would have to think do i want to get comidid to something that i could get really injured on so thank you for reading about all the possible injuries remember one thing don’t get comiddid if you can’t get commited.
“Wolves are majestic for their spine tingling howl and there silky fur.” - Ranon Wln this article you will learn about how Grey Wolves population shrunk.
What they eat how there pack works.
Once grey wolves wound rome the great Yousemity valley and the rocky mountsains to the coast lines and the mountain deserts.
Many grey wolves were poisoned shot and trapped for this deed.
The most preferred food source is large hooved animals such as caribou elk, moose but they will eat beaver,mice as well as plants and berries.
Wolves also communicate by yapping gralying snarlsbarking.
Wolves can do things that can never imagine doing like eating raw meat travelling around 12 miles each day or smelling a person from 3 miles of range in a forest with all sorts of smells!
There difrrent modes you could play in solo duos squads, Arena solo, and Arena duos.
Most of these modes are to play with friends speaking of friend’s you can have a epic friend!
Also speaking of diffrent consoles you can play on Xbox one PS4 PC, mobile, Android, and nintendo swithch.
there is also a uncommon skin that come with a backling and the skin it cost 1200 V-bux.
Now were getting in on the rarer skins epic is the second most rarist item it cost 1500 V-bux not that much peaple get these skins because they are kind of bad.
Now we are on the rareist item legendary it cost 2000 V-box you can only get it by the 25 dollar pack wich gives you 2,800 V-bux.
Now were going in battle passes in season 1 there was no battle passes.
You need to pass dribbel, and shoot the ball.
if you want to sign up for basketball you need to have a team you need to pratice and every Friday or Saturday or sunday you will play a basketball game at like the morning noon or night thats why I think you shoid sign up.
Here are some names of the breeds a Buldog Labrador Retriever German shepherd poodle Beagle chihuahua, English mastiff, Greyhound, and Golden Retriever thoughs are some Breeds there are many more breeds!
One endangered animal is the humpback whale there are only 30,000 to 40,000 left in the world.
Another endanged animal is the sec turtle the sec turtle is endangered because of pollution.
In addition the oregon spotted frog is losing their habitat and is also at risk.
Humpback whales grow to be about 52 feet long and 6m longthe females are slightly larger than the males.
Sea Turtles
In additioin the sce trld live in almost every ocean throughout the world.
Some loggergeads nest in Japan and migrate all the way to Baja California.
Sea turtles are endangered because of pollution and people hunting them for there eggs meat skin and shells.
oregon spotted frog
The oregon spotted frog lives in "the south western Columbia, Canada, south through the Puget/Willamette Valley through and the Columbia River gorge in south-central Washington" says Oregon spotted frog - Wikipedia.
Alsothe oregon spotted frog is being to be listed threatened species.
In concussion people are the most reasons these endangered are endangered from poshin for hunting and from dithering handtas.
Well it is it is a fruit because it has seeds right.
Apples Apricots Bananas Boysenberry Blueberry Bing Cherry Cherries Watermelon Pear Grapes Peach Orange Strawberry Lemon Lime Kiwi mango Coconut, Avocado, these are all fruits what's your favorite fruit?
In this essay you will learn about the animation the creator, and how it works
There er New charaters important things and I have a part to Help you a bit
She is one Of the champions she comes from Beautixbux.
And Cedric Diggory a champion from Hogwarts.
She is the Headmistres of Beutibux Karkerat Headmaster of Durmstrag.
That’s why theres are champions so there is somthing to watch an there are 3 tasks.
In conclueshion Harry Potter is kinda rough fun exsiting And mutch more And I challeg you to stick with Harry Potter and finish it you might be a potter Head like me!
Have you ever heard of an Orca AKA the “Killer Whale”?
Killer Whales are huge a whoping 3,000 lbs!
Orcas have a very cool body structure that structure can be up to 23ft long!
An Orca tooth is very sharp don’t touch it!
On the other hand the Orca has smooth skin, where as a sharks skin is like sandpaper!
A Orca is a apex-preadtor which means it has no natral enimies.
A Orca is also a carnivore which means it only eats meat for example fish penguins, young whales, seals, moose, and even sharks if neseseary.
A Orca lives in the Picific Antartic and Artic oceans.
The Orcas are not bothered by this some even like it!
Do you know what fortnite is well if you do you should know what fortnite toys are and that is what I am going to be talking about today I will be telling you about like what the toys are and the awesome accessories and the company’s that make them so I hope you enjoy.
In spelunky you fight monsters kill bosses and collect money.
In the beginning you start out with 4 lives but the game is really hard to beat because there is 64 levels!
In levels 1-4 there are 2 kinds of monsters snake and spider.
The snake slithers across a space of land but if it bumps into you you lose 1 life.
Spiders hang upside down from the celing and when you walk under them they fall to the ground and chase you and if they bump into you you lose 1 life.
a is to throw a bomb and a down arrow is to place a bomb on the ground.
Dear Friend
Have you ever wondered the parts of a saddle, or maybe what the Heck is the thing in the riders armpit (a crop)?
If you have you’ll find out the answer in Oh abot 5 seconds.
A saddle has quite a few parts but some of the easiest/simplest parts are: the horn the seat, the stirrups, the gurth.
The seat = To sit on obviously
The horn = I use it to hold onto sometimes
the stirrup = for your feet so you have a better grip on your horse
the gurth = to hold the saddle on your horse
The riens = to control your horse
The halter = to connect your lead rope & riens to.
There is also a whip which is basically the same as a crop.
If you enjoyed this book/essay I encourage you to try out horseback riding it’s super fun!
Sighned
your friend
Freddie Murcury was born on September 5 1946.
Some of Queen most popular song are Another one bit the dust I want to break free, We will rock you, and Somebody to love.
Hey there kids say are you ready to learn about Dogs?
Some love water some don’t.
Dogs have teeth to rip meat of bones nose to smell the scent of a dog for over a mile away wow they have great ears for hearing and they have great eyesight.
Some people’s stories say that foxes come from the dog family but they come from the cat family.
If your dog is not going to catch the burglars you might hear a gunshot.
a love bird is a type of bird that will get atached to one thing or person but there are some challenges to having a Love Bird so read this book to hlep like what they eat drink need and What it does!
Love Birds have a weird diet for a bird they will eat things other birds eat like fruit, veggies, water and seeds, but Love Birds eat other stuff too like bird pellets because it is better for them and will eat bread with oats and lots of other things.
But Love Birds need a decent size cage a water bottle, (for birds) multiple perches that are diferent sizes and tectures and, three to four toys not to many 5+ or to low 3- because if there is to little that could actully make them sick but if there is too many they will feal cramed and not safe.
but there are some ways to Prevent that use a little clip on the door of the cage and put some cool things in its cage so it will only want to come out of its cage when you need it too And Love Birds are NOT shoulder Birds they would rather sit on the back of your shoulder on you back or on you head noone knows why but thats OK!
And a love bird will be agresive till it finds someone it likes and it will give you a light peck if it likes you so don’t buy two so it won’t like you.
I will be teaching you about: Mario’s moveset Luigi’s moveset and Donkey Kong’s moveset.
But he does have a famous move called the “forward aerial” this move can spike character’s off stage which can K.O at 0.00%.
Mario has a move where he shoots a fireball out of his fist this move can be performed by pressing B. Mario’s final Smash is called “Mario finale”, you can perform this move By pressing B with the Smash ball.
Luigi’s moveset is much different then mario’s moveset Luigi is actually harder to use than Mario.
If you are on the edge of the stage and the opponent is holding on the ledge try your down taunt and they will get spiked.
Luigi has a move called “Green missile” this move can be shown by pressing the control stick left or right and pressing B in the process.
Donkey Kong’s has a move called “Spinning Kong” this move let’s donkey kong spin you can adjust the angle by tilting left or right you can perform this move by pressing B.
I hope enjoyed this Narrative and what I taught you about For example: Mario’s moveset Luigi’s moveset and etc.
I will talk about the creation characters all the games the consoles, and the history.
In this book I taught you about creation characters all the games, the consoles, and the history.
If you do than this book will tell you about the gear you need where to practise/where the games are and the rules.
You can buy mouthguards at Target Dicks and Big 5.
The quarterback hiker and four other players.
Today you learned what gear you will need where to practice/where to play and the rules.
In this book you will be reading about what is a challenge Don’t fall into the wrong pool human kerplunk.
Don’t push the wrong box and don’t cut the wrong rope.
They used wonderful tomals tule huts and the malametepupi that you’re going to learn about.
They used redwood for the tomals but redwood came from a different part of california, so the Chumash couldn’t just go get it.
What happend is that the redwood would fall and go into a river, and the river would carry the redwood down a stream and it would go to the Chumash.
First they would have to cut the would into planks.
Luckly redwood swells so the water wouldn’t go into the tomal it would go into the wood.
All in all tomals were very useful and was made very interestingly.
The Chumash left a hole at the top so when they light a fire in the house the smoke would go out after the fire and, they would cover it with animal skin.
They used whale bones they found and out lined the door then they would cover the door with animal skin.
There were games to play in the malametepupi like hoop and shoot.
You need a stick the Chumash used a spear, a cylinder and a partner.
Your partner needs to roll the cylinder where the open part is facing you while your partner is rolling you try to shoot the stick into the hoop which is the cylinder.
As you can see the malametepupi was amazing.
We learned about the useful tomals the amazing tule huts and the fun malametepupi.
Soccer is a fun sport because you can play different positions you can make cheers for your team, and most of all because soccer can teach you important life lessons.
For example defence is one position.
Also forward is a position too.
Lastly goalie is another position.
To start off with in the site Soccer Cheers, it says cheers help you team feel confident in what their doing.
To add on also in the site Soccer Cheers it keeps players pepped up and focused on doing their best.
Finally one example of cheer is “we don’t wear bows and skirts we only wear soccer shirts!
We don’t play with baby dolls we only kick soccer balls!
In addition also from the site 6 Life Lessons Your Child Can Learn From Soccer it states hard word is an important life lesson because alongside teamwork soccer teaches that the only sure path to success is through hard work.
To conclude this paragraph again from the site 6 Life Lessons Your Child Can Learn From Soccer it says setting goals is an important life lesson because there is a lot of things soccer players do that can be measured by setting goals.
In conclusion soccer is a fun sport because you can play different positions you can make up cheers for your team and most of all, because soccer can teach you important life lessons.
Here is one to try it is called fortnite it is taking over the world 250 million players have joined.
I will tell you some of my topics skins battle pass seasons,
You can earn skins in the battle pass you can also buy them in the item shop.
Different skins have different rarities like Legendary Epic Rare Uncommon and Common.
Some of the best events was the cube the rocket and the ice king.
I will remind you of my topics skins battle pass and seasonsDownload fortnite get some V bucks and get a victory royale!
6 Pigs are Cool Animals
Did you know there are 300 breeds of Pigs?
They are smart and they are funny.
Although pigs are cool animals they have cute feature they are smart they are funny first of all they stick their head in a can for foodthey look funnythey try to hop fences.
In conclusion Pigs are cool animals because they have cute features they are smart they are funny.
You start feeling sick your head hurts, you feel like you are going to die.
And you are going to learn what triggers anxiety what it feels like and how to deal with it.
For example if your friend didn’t want to be your friend anymore and the way she said it was stuck in your head all day you could think about it like this you can more friends that might be better than your old one.
Let my explain if you are doing yoga your mind will be focused on that and not your anxiety.
You could tell them about what triggers anxiety what it feels like and how to deal with it.
I wish I could but butterflies can that is why I think they are so cool.
In this book you learn about butterflies and what they eat, if they drink water, and if they sleep.
They eat nectar sometimes fruit they found on the ground also gaining sustenance from tree sap, and rotting animal matter.
I think so but it must be easy for them.
Well if you do but do not know how to reset a xbox controller and how to download apps and how much is a xbox?
I will teach you how to setup a xbox controller how much is a xbox one and finally how to download games and apps.
Like fortnite Roblox, Overwatch, Minecraft, star wars battlefront, and way more games on the xbox app store.
In this slide you will learn about the floor routines the vault routines, and the bar routines.
According to Sports Rec.”Gymnast perform floor exercises on a 39 square foot mat.” The floor is mostly about agility strength and stamina.
There is a lot of handsprings and spin flips.
Also you vault over a 4 foot high apparatus also known as a table in gymnastics not a table you eat on.
The things you can do are pullover kips, and flips of the bars.
Some things you can do are flips turning, and going on top of the bars.
Conclusion
Did you have fun learning about the floor the vault, and the bars?
Math is always written differently well you see it written differently because if you saw a rubik’s cube you might think it’s just colors but it has a bunch of patterns.
No you can do it in your head, with apples and bananas, and with a chalkboard and chalk.
Math isn’t just a fun hobby it stretches you brain, as my dad once said, “When you do math a lot your brain will expand.” You’ll learn about how math it’s written, it can be done anywhere and it stretches your brain.
When you write it in one way people might not understand you but if you write it in two or three ways someone will understand you better.
An example of this is when you use the Traditional Algorithm to solve a math equation, someone might not understand you.
Another example of this is when you use a chalkboard and chalk people might that is how to do math but if you’re solving a rubik;s cube and you that’s math, then it still is.
By comparison it’s like saying math is only numbers on paper when you can use apples and bananas.
To sum it up math is done way differently than you think.
You might think you can only do math at school and home but imagine being on a car ride (like me) and it is 4 hours long (like me) and there is nothing to do except math.
I was sick of doing anything but back to you as you can see when you’re bored you can just think of all the wonderful places to do math, not just your home and your school.
In conclusion you can’t just do math in some spaces you can do it in all places.
An example of this is when you are trying to work on an equation and you finally solve it it’s like trying to cut down a tree (don’t try to do that) and after a year of cutting you finally get the tree down.
Also if you’re constantly solving a rubik’s cube you will get faster at it (if you’re doing it right.)
In conclusion when you are doing math your brain gets bigger on the inside not the outside.
To sum it up when you do math a lot of good things happen your brain stretches, you do it at places, and you write it in different ways.
When you do it in different ways you;ll learn more ways.
And if you do it a lot your brain will stretch.
Introduction
Wait you don't know how to swim well today I am going to teach you how but the first you need to know about swimming is the equipment you need the strokes and the exercise.
Equipment
You might think that all you need in order to swim is a swimsuit but you actually need more than just a swimsuit You need a pull buoy, swim cap, kickboard.
A 130-pound person swimming freestyle for one hour will burn 590 calories swimming fast and 413 calories swimming slower.
A 155-pound person swimming freestyle for one hour will burn 704 calories swimming fast and 493 calories swimming slower.
Now you know the equipment you need the strokes and how you can exercise.
Backstroke freestyle butterfly
2.
Kickboard pull boue, googles, swimsuil, swim cap
3.
In this I will teach you about different bikes the hardest trails and red bull rampage.
There are two types of mountain bikes hardtail and downhill bikes.
The hardest public mountain bike park is moab Utoh.
Moab has technical turns hard climbs and big jumps.
Conclusion
Fun fact: “One of the first known models of a mountain bike was back in 1896 where bicycles were modified for “off-road” use by Buffalo Soldier from Montana to Yellowstone in the United States.” https://interestingfacts.tv .
Three popular types are himalayan Siamese and manx/ First, himalayans have a beautiful long, thick body of fur.
The most popular color of a himalayan cat are white gray or a combination of gray and white.
Himalayas are beautiful but need a lot of grooming because they shed.There is also the Siamese breed.
This cat is special because it has beautiful light blue eyes.
Also all Simaese are born with a white coat of fur but when they get older their ears, face, feet, and tail turn dark colors.
Last there is the manx.
However some manxes have a little tiny tail called a stump and the ones born with tails are called rumpies.
For example my cat likes to lay down and chill in the sun.
Last cats are excellent hunters.
If you have a mouse they will find it kill it and bring it to you and show you what a great hunter he is.
There are many different breeds of cats they are easy to care for, and each has its own unique behavior.
In this book I will teach you about rabbits and the food they eat what they need and different types of rabbits.
I was researching and found that “baby rabbits should be given alfalfa and adult rabbits should be fed timothy hay gradd hay or oat hay.” according to wikipedia.
They also eat clover basil bok choy, broccoli, carrot tops, celery, collard greens, and hay.
For example there are there is a Tapeti pygmy rabbit Eastern Cottontail netherland Flemish giant rabbit Holland lop Mini lop Rex rabbit American rabbit Polish rabbit Checkered giant rabbit.
February 27 2019
Info.
Well on this very piece of paper I will tell you how to play volleyball (and rules go along with it) where you can play volleyball and why it is fun.
How to play Volleyball
How to play volleyball well you have to learn about hitting passing and the court.
Lets first get on to hitting there are lots of different types of hitting, for example you can spike, where you throw the ball into the air and give a big high five.
Or there is serving where you hold the ball down low in one hand and then your other hand you do knuckles and then swing and... HIT!
After both teams have served then you rotate the one on the right side goes out and the other person comes in but if there is no people in line then you just rotate around the whole thing.
One of the best places to play volleyball are U.S.Y.V.L the are one of the best places to go because the games are on the weekends and sometimes you play in a tournament sometimes you play 4 games it is so much fun.
Or you can do it at your house all you need is 2 poles 2 tires and fill each one up with cement and than get a rope and make it a little similar to the real net and there you have a perfect volleyball net.
Why it is fun
Some people think volleyball is not fun but have not seen the fun side of it.
After some practices you get popsicles after if it is hot.
Yes you heard me soldier there was a great Emu War.
Oh what’s that they sold oh no!
With America’s economy crashed the government is forced to stop all foreign trade, making the effect global.
With the UK being one of the victims Australia fell like all the other countries.
Why it’s because Australia attached the gold standard to the UK.
Meanwhile soldiers returned to their country after World War 1 and the government gave them land in west Australia.
As a result they turned into farmers because of this the government promise to give farmers more subsides or basically, lower the cost of taxes and other government-money-making-schemes.
Soldier we’re going to talk about how it started battle one and two, and the aftermath of this dumb war.
Meanwhile Australia’s economy has crashed and everyone is unemployed, poor, and in poverty.
With added water supplies for livestock and free food they thought it was a good idea to make farms their habitats.
They broke through fences and damaged crops.
Another bad thing is that with the fences destroyed rabbits could come in and destroy the rest of the crops.
The farmers sent a team of ex-soldiers to the minister of defence not the minister of agriculture.
The team knew from WWI machine guns were effective so they ordered them to kill emus.
George agreed to this but with strict conditions: 1.
The farmers have to give the soldiers food water and housing.
With this negotiation the troops are ready to go.
Two soldiers have been enlisted with two Lewis guns with 10,000 lbs of ammunition.
Although they were going to start on October 1932 heavy rainfall blocked their way.
You see soldier that rain makes emus scatter.
As a result they delayed the killing until early November.
On November 2 around Campion they found at least 50 emus.
After two machine gun rounds they killed a “number” of emus.
Later that day they killed “perhaps a dozen” emus.
On November 4 they made an ambush and spotted 1000 emus.
They killed 12 however before the guns jammed and the emus ran away.
The Meredith moved further where rumors said that the emus here were more domestic considering the fact that this is Australia.
Two more days later and they noticed that the emu packs have a leader 6 ft tall, and they look for any the attackers and call it out to the rest of the pack.
One time the army got so desperate, they put a gun on top of a truck.
Just so you know it didn’t work out so well.
Two more days later the army used up 25000 rounds of ammunition.
After some discussion they withdrew from the war.
Don’t worry soldier another battle will pop around.
Attempt two: Still unnecessary
Once again the farmers are having emu problems again.
Sadly Meredith is placed on the field again because of the minimum experienced machine gunners in Australia.
On November 13 and 14 they successfully killed 40 emus.
They next day however was more difficult.
By December 2nd 100 emus were kicking the dust every week.
On December 10 Meredith retold that he killed 986 emus with 9860 rounds used.
Additionally 2500 more emus died because of the bullet wounds.
No apparently the emus kept destroying crops and farmers called for help again on 1934 1943, and 1948.
Fortunately for the emus the government turned them down.
Although there was a new bounty system installed and 57034 emus have been killed for the bounty in 1934 of a 6 month-period.
By December 1932 the UK had heard of this “war” and some protested, saying that this “extermination of the rare emu”.
Yes sadly if farmers built better fences, then this war wouldn’t exist.
Now that you learned that this war is really unnecessary with how it started these attempts and the aftermath you should know more about Australia’s history.
We have a lot of celebrations at parksand even cal poly.
San luis has a lot of Missions and lakesparks,rivers.
There life was still hard they have to make food and fires And stoves, bowls.
Grey wolves eat a lot of different animals mostly do everything together in a pack and even in some places, they are almost extinct!
First of all wolves are carnivores.
According to the article “These social animals cooperate on their preferred prey--large animals such as deer elk, and moose.
When they are successful wolves do not eat in C. Wolves also eat smaller mammals birds fish lizards snakes and fruit.”
Also grey wolves do almost everything in a pack.
For example they eat sleep, and hunt together.
There is always a female male, and offspring.
With their group wolves are known to roam far distances like 12 miles in one day!
Wolves work together to hunt raise their young, and protect their territory”
Lastly grey wolves are all most extinct in some places like England.
According to the article “Though they almost never attack humans wolves are considered one of the animal world’s most fearsome natural villains.
They do attack domestic animals and countless wolves have been shot trapped and poisoned because of this tendency.”
	In the lower 48 states grey wolves were almost hunted to extinction!
In a few places grey wolves are considered endangered but in most places they have good population numbers.
In conclusion grey wolves eat a variety of animals do everything in a pack, and are endangered.
What games you can play on computers and The best computers.
And what I think is great is you can download almost everything Video games Wallpapers Apps you name it it most likely has.
Have you ever wondered what is softball?
Well I will be teaching you all of those things!
In this writing I will be filling up your brain with knowledge on softball for example, you will be earning about Jennie Finch, the best pitcher in the world.
Well I sure hope so because to the next page we go!
Well she is the best pitcher in the world!
She played for many teams an I am sure all of those pitchers out there including me want to be just like her.
“Finch had a 2-0 win-loss record in the 2004 Games striking out 13 batters in eight innings while giving up only one hit one walk and no run.” States www.teamusa.org What that means is that she pitched 3 strikes each to 13 batters, and they either didn’t swing at them or swung and missed.
Now the next person i wanted to talk about was Noa Yakir.
She is a third baseman just like me and we are great friends!
She is on our local college’s team the Cal Poly Mustangs.
Next I wanted to talk about the Cal Poly Mustangs.
They are a great team and I have been to many of their games.
One time I was at their game, and Noa Yakir got the first play!
I have noticed that over the years there catches and throws are getting better.
There are many fun positions but I will just be talking about 1st 2nd and 3rd.
At first base there is a lot of action.
This is because when the batter hits the ball the first place they will be running to is 1st.
And last at third you have the most important job you have to try to get them out at third so they will have no chance of getting to home.
Third is a very important position and I play it!
One time the ball was thrown to me and instead of moving my feet I kept my foot on the base and tried to reach for it and I mised and she scored a point.
Lesson learned and that lesson would be to step off of the base if you need to.
This is very true and with the proper training, dedication, and love for softball, you can be a professional too someday.
Well for fielders, we have to wear a glove and a facemask.
Now if you are batting you need a helmet and a bat and maybe some batting gloves.
A bat is the thing that hits the ball it’s like a giant stick!
Well if you do you will have to remember my three subtopics players and teams positions and gear!
Have fun playing and remember all those people who practiced hard and played as hard as they could.
Have you ever wondered what you should fiddle with or play with when you are bored.
Well I have the thing for you a fingerboard (a miniature skateboard for your fingers.)
First when you want to get a fingerboard the prices vary a lot between the quality of it rarenes and were you find it.
You can find these at Target Walmart and many more places.
This is your next step because decks are made out of wood they have bearings in the wheels metlel trucks, and foam grip.
Lastly if you want to get the top of the line you should get a Milo art fb complete flat face complete berlinwood complete, and many more.
You should get one of these because they come in different widths in the deck size they have metal trucks, bushings to make the trucks turn, foam grip, polie yerathang wheels with bearings, and a wood deck.
Lastly just ask someone what they thought of the fingerboard.
First you want to get comfortable rolling on one to see your capabilities.
How you do this maneuver is put your back finger on the back of the board then put your front finger right under the front bolts lastly shove it around 180 degrees and put your fingers on it.
Know you have learned all about the prices of a fingerboard how to choose one and how to use one.
Now go online in store or from milo and get a fingerboard.
Also they sometime shelter animals, or they can provide use with shade.
If there were no animals on earth humans wouldn’t be able to live on earth either.
So as you can see trees are so very important because without them no life forms would be able to live on earth!
Imagine a hot day so hot that you get a sunburn.
Then you start thinking we should stop cutting down trees.
Conclusion
	So now you have learned about air animal, and shade.
Borrow share and donate books
Plant a tree
Visit the forest
Stay on the trails
Get your Smokey on.
Because of quasars and because of what black holes really are!
Additionally right now the closest black hole is 3000 light years away which is about 12-13 quadrillion miles.
Finally black holes are so far it would take 10 million years to get to one in a car 1 million for an airplane, and 20,000 years for a rocket.
The thing is that if it destroys something like an asteroid that has no energy where does everything go???
Additionally black holes could also be wormholes/time warps that takes things to another dimension time and completely different area in space or on a planet.
In conclusion black holes are crazy because they are so far away from are planet because of what happens with the energy and most of all because of what they could actually be.
They can fall off of high buildings without getting hurt they have great righting reflexes, and most of all cats gave very strong feet.
When they are ready to get off a wall they jump off and sometimes land on their feet.
Here’s how they get off the wall they climb the wall then they jump twist and spread their feet.
Lastly like I told you the SOMETIMES land on their feet.
But cats can also climb around corners their claws help them climb really well!
Although cats have really strong feet the feet help them get away, climb, land, and more!
Cats don’t mean to get hurt when they fall off something they think their going to land on their feet but sometimes they don’t make it.
When the fail to and on their feet they get hurt really bad especially when they fall off of HIGH buildings.
I mean cats are good landers… but not all the time… sometimes when they fall off of really high buildings they sometimes die because their feet are broken or because of something else.
In conclusion cats are great at landing but sometimes NOPE.
Cats can be also great climbers like I said they have strong feet and they can climb walls!
Introduction
	Do you want to learn about something well today’s your lucky day cause I’m going to teach you about Lebron James.
In this article I teach you who Lebron James is his chile hood and that he is amazing in the NBA.
Edie Jackson Lebron’s mom old-time boyfriend help Lebron’s mom take care of his family.
But he wasn’t always around he got put in prison for selling drugs his mom also had Lebron when she was 16.
Lebron is also amazing cause of his skill For instance he drives in and just gets and easy layup.
Also Lebron is hard to guard cause he is super string and big.
All in all I hope you learned about Lebron James, maybe the best basketball player ever.
I hope you learned about who Lebron James ishis childhood, and how he is amazing.
It’s the best because you get free games you play with friends, and you record you’re best moments.
For example Fortnite (Most popular game) another example Street Fighter 4, final example Marvel vs Capcom 3.
For example Xbox live gold another example of party chat final example online party invites.
For example recent captures another example go to the menu and press x to capture a video and final example do the same thing but press y to get a screenshot.
Xbox is the best console because 100 free games you can play with friends and most of all you record you’re best moments.
They do a little something for the environment but are being killed by humans every day and they have many natural threats as well however you can help protect these adorable animals from extinction.
Seeds get stuck in their fur and they distribute the seeds to all the places that they go because the seeds fall off of them then plants from different places will grow all over where they go.
Finally chinchilla coats can cost $1000 - $5,000 dollars.
In addition to people killing them chinchillas have many natural predators as well.
Some of these predators include; skunks felines, canines, and snakes, as well as and most birds of prey.
For example volunteermatch.org is a great website to help.
Finally you can go to your local pet store like petco and buy a chinchilla.
Wolves
Introduction
	Have you ever wanted to know what wolves eat where they live and how they live?
Well if you do then you will learn all of that and much, much, more if you read on!
some are deer moose buffalo goats elk and reindeer.
But if despret eat hares fish beavers, bobcats, birds, and small rodents.
Small rodents such as mise or hamsters.
Hares are male wild rabbits or bunnies.
Wolves live in caves in Europe Alaska Canada, and Asia, near water and food.
Sometimes wolves move to other areas to follow the food if the food travels.
Wolves live and hunt in packs a pack is a family of wolves.
So the babies stay in the cave if they are hungry while the mothers or fathers kill the food and bring it back to the cave, where the babies are waitting.
The babies also are blind when they are born so they are usually really playful.
Reasult the fathers get covered with little playful pups.
I hope that you will take a leap of faith and go visit a place that has wolves so that you can learn even more about this wonderful animal.
If so this is the perfect dog for you.
Yes I said you!
If you do think of getting this dog ever in your lifetime this book can tell you many things of how to take great care of a Australian Shepherd.
In order to know the basics about this dog you will need to know a good meal for it, its outer beauty, and maybe even a question that many people ask like, why is it named that.
Who knows maybe this book will inspire you to become a Shepherd expert!
“Chomp chomp!” That’s the sound of an Australian Shepherd eating a good meal after all of its hard work in the fields.
Australian Shepherds tend to love this type of food because of the wetness but if you are the person who wants to clean up their dog bowl because it smells bad or you just want to clean it in general it won’t be super hard but it will turn into a mess in your sink or trash can.
If you get dry dog food these dogs will eat this food for sure if their hungry.
These foods are both very good and healthy for the dogs but dog treats are also great for them!
There are many different kinds of dog treats some even very unhealthy for certain breeds.
Next time you go to the store to get dog food for your Australian Shepherd I recommend to look what’s in the food.
If there are no ingredients on the container/bag you probably shouldn’t get it.
Or if there are a bunch of ingredients that sound unhealthy to dogs don’t get it
	Make sure your Shepherd can munch on something good for them next time you buy them there food.
Gorgeous Aussies on the inside but also on the outside.
Well many Aussies (Aussie means Australian Shepherd) look very similar but there are things that look different about them like their height eyes and possibly even coat colors.
Male Australian Shepherds are commonly 20 to 23 inches tall to the shoulder while female Aussies are often 18 to 22 inches tall to the shoulder.
These dogs aren’t the biggest but also not the smallest.
Many people just say that their medium sized dogs not exact height.
A lot of dogs get their normal tails cut off the get bobtails but not this dog!
The well known coat colors of the Aussies are black gray white and tan.
But those colors are only for the Blue Aussie, there are different coat colors and also for their eyes.
These different types of Australian Shepherds still do look very similar so people will know but they just have color differences.
But of course there are many more types of Aussies with many different eye colors a coat colors.
A very common question that many ask, that many wonder and think of everyday.
Well there are many theories that people think, and nobody actually knows the real answer to that question but a theory that hundreds and maybe thousands of peoplehave is this.
Australian Shepherds are named Australian because they have a blue merle pattern (blue eyes) similar to many dogs brought over from Australia to America; thus because of the color pattern they were simply called “Australian” as so many other dogs were that had the blue merle.
This explains and hopefully answers the mysterious question of “Why is it named that?”.
Meals outer beauty, and even the reason to its name.
Could you be the one who will answer the unknown of these dogs?
If you don’t think so I want you to try.
Maybe like I said at the beginning, are you inspired because of these dogs?
"If everyone in the world lived the way people do in the U.S it would take five Earths to provide enough resources for everyone."
For example in 2040 the Arctic may have it's completely ice free summer.
For instance polar bears will come extinct with no ice.
Climate change will make things become extinct it has many bad effects, it is caused by us, and you can stop it.
And if Koalas go extinct it will destroy plants that are vital for other species.
The ringed seal may also go extinct and so may the leatherback and the Hawksbill sea turtle.
And if sea turtles go extinct any animals that survive on healthy seagrass beds or coral reefs will go extinct.
If they go extinct many animals will overpopulate.
They include Orangutans Lemurs, Rhinos, Polar bears, Gorillas, Vaquitas, and Cheetahs.
If you like honey you'll definitely want to stop climate change if you know this.
Another animal that will become extinct is the Rusty Patched bumble Bee!
And Bees have existed on planet earth for 40 million years!
Also it's not just animals that will become extinct, plants will become extinct as well.
This will happen when animals become extinct other animals will overpopulate.
If these animals that overpopulate are herbivores then plants will become extinct because of all of the animals eating them.
In summary because of climate change many things will become extinct.
Did you know that if climate change keeps up hurricanes will stronger, and more intense.
Also the sea level will rise one to four feet by 2100.
Also if you in Jakarta Indonesia Bangkok Thailand Lagos Nigeria, Manila Philippines, Dhaka Bangladesh Shanghai, China, London England, or Houston Texas your town will be engulfed by the ocean in about 2100.
Additionally the arctic will become ice free.
To add on climate change also affects our food.
Since climate change is earth's temperature rising it will make it rain less which means that plants will be missing out on water and they won't be able to grow.
To add on climate change could also affect our health.
For example the air quality will be worse.
Also lots of animals and plants have to migrate to different cooler areas of the world.
"Some species -- including mosquitoes ticks, jellyfish, and crop pests -- are thriving.
Booming populations of bark beetles that feed on spruce and pine trees for example, have devastated milllions of forested areas in the U.S." Said National Geographic, Effects of Climate Change.
As well as many diseases will spread.
For example malaria.
In summary climate change has many bad effects.
"Certain gases in the atmosphere block heat from escaping" Said The Causes of Climate Change.
If this happens the earth will automatically warm up if the heat cannot escape.
Some of the greenhouse gasses are Carbon Dioxide, Methane, Water Vapor, and Nitrous Oxide.
"Humans are burning fossil fuels releasing huge amounts of carbon pollution and trapping more and more heat in the atmosphere."
"When incoming energy from the sun is absorbed by the Earth system Earth warms."
In summary
Climate change happens in different ways.
Did you know that you could help stop climate change just by riding a bike taking public transportation, or carpooling?
If you can do anything to stop climate change you should do it.
For if you don't many many things will go wrong.
Also to help stop climate change you could buy an energy efficient car, or get a green career.
For example you could help make solar panels.
"Any electronic gadget you can turn on with a remote (TV DVD player Nintendo, Xbox) uses power even when it is "off."
In summary
You should help stop climate change.
Did you know that in 1950 "CO2 levels broke records from the previous 400,000 years, sharply rising and continuing to grow?"
In summary
Climate change will make things become extinct it has many bad effects it is caused by us, and you can stop it.
Dogs are the best pet because they like playing with you and the toys that a lot of dogs like is a ball squeaky, and a tuy toy.
SPACE
Hello there my name is Bellaraine.
did you know that when the moon has half of its side the other half is black but the moon is not forming its just when the sun goes to the other half of the world the moon will be full.
If you could walk all the way around the world you would be able to notice that is is getting brighter and back to dark.
If you are wondering if the sun is in front of all the planets why are they melting because the sun can melt everything well almost everything.
Ok so earth and other three inner planets of our solar system ( Mercury Venus and Mars ) are made of rock containing common minerals feldspars and metals like magnesium and aluminum.
the other plants are not solid Jupiter, for instance, is mostly made up of trapped helium, hidrogen, and water.
So there is 4 layers of crust 1st is the crust we live on.
2nd is called Lithosphere the 3rd crust is called Asthenosphere, and the last crust is way hotter than hot metal, than magma, and than hotter than lava.
digging up the Crust of the world and learning all about the planets of the whole solar system thank you for reading my SPACE book I you enjoyed it thank you.
Today I am going to teach you about Simon’s family Simon’s jobs and Simon’s fame.
Simon Phillip Cowell was born on October 7 1959.
Right now Simon is 59 years old.
Also Simon has two sisters, June and Lindsay.
Some of his brothers include Michel John and Nicholas.
As you can see Simon has a big family if you think about it you actually might want to be in a family as big as his maybe.
Not only is Simon a judge and a producer on AGT but he was an actor music producer film producer and much, much more.
Simon was bored of being a music producer so he started all the got talents to hear more than just music but a variety of acts.
Simon didn’t start AGT as the first got talent because by then he didn’t live in America he lived in England.
Simon’s Fame
Would you like to live a normal life or a life like Simon Cowell’s?
You would get $950000 dollars a year.
Did I say $950000 sorry I meant $95000,000.
Simon Cowell has around $550000,000 right now.
Another thing is Simon gets paid $25,000 everytime he gets a paycheck on AGT.
Now that you know about Simon’s family jobs, and fame you should do more research on his life style a stuff like that.
If you lived a life like Simon Cowell you will live a long happy life, or as Simon would say on AGt “I don’t like it, I love it!”
well for exapol you can put nfoilplastic stuff and a lot more stuff but no verything goes in recycling like food that goes in e trash.
I started walking down the hill my brother was on his skatebord and he called out: “Get out of the way!” So I did but unfohently he was going that way!
In my opinion I believe that I should have a pet of my own because I am old enough My parents wount have to buy the stuff for the pet I think I am very responsibel.
First I should have a pet of my own because I am matror enough there’s a boy in my class that has his own dog he feeds them lets them out and pick’s up there pop and I think that’s mutrer and responsibel to have my own pet.
Second I should have a pet of my own because I wount make my parent’s buy the stuff for the Pet they wount have to buy the bed or the food, and also they wount have to buy the caler or the lash.
When we got miko I have him his food and water I played with him when my mom coudin’t and I took him to go to the bathroom, I think that’s responsibel enough to have my own pet.
One reason that mythical beasts are unpredictable is they all have amazing stories cool powers and they look crazy.
Although mythical beasts are unpredictable because they have awesome stories they have cool powers, but most of all they look crazy!
In conclusion mythical creatures are unpredictable because they have awesome stories cool powers and most of all because they look crazy.
There are more like the raven banana, and the ninja if you guys want to see all the skins go to this link.
I am back there are very cool modes to play on fortinet like solosduos,squads,sword fight play ground and I think one more I forgot.
One of them is a ps4pc which is computer nintendo switchand Iphone.
Onley Iphone 678.
Introduction
Hello Epic Gamers my name is ToastedPack and this is epic gaming!
But anyways my name is Matt and I will be teaching you about gaming!
You probably have played a game like Minecraft or Roblox but that’s not all i’m talking about.
Im talking about tips and tools Devices Games and that’s not it!
Tips and Tools
Have you ever thought of playing games that are not boring and not stupid?
Like life the game?
Have you ever wanted to type on games and click with a mouse and sit on a chair that costs $399?
Okay then read this!
You have probably heard of it and you have probably played it.
It’s a fun game where you can battle other players play with your friends and watch LIVE EVENTS!
You may call it “Stupid” Or, “The worst game in the world” But you should try playing it!
You want to sit downright?
But you can buy another chair that is not as comfortable as a gaming chair.
A tip for Nintendo Switch players is the pro controller.
They will not help you with games at all.
A tool for PC is a good PC!
You should probably get a good monitor not like the ones at your school.
Devices
Have you ever wanted to play a video game for example Roblox, or Minecraft?
Well you need a device or a friend that has a device.
But I prefer a console or PC not a mobile device.
For example Phone, Tablet, Kindle, or amazon tablet.
If you want a good device I prefer a PS4 or a PC.
PC and PS4 have a really good FPS and Mobile is not so good.
Personally I do not like the XBOX but it is good.
The FPS is good too but so is every other console, and PC.
So yes.
You know what is good and what isn’t good.
And Nintendo is like between Xbox and phone.
Now you have a console and you have some tips.
Well let me recommend some for you.
If you got a PC then you will want good games and some other games.
It’s also on mobile but you want the better experience right?!
Fortnite is a PVP Battle royale, and RPG game.
But you have to buy the RPG version which is only on PS4 Xbox, and PC.
The battle royale PVP mode is on all devices.
Wizard101 is a PC game where you have to battle different beasts, and other Wisards!
You level up and collect different cards, and clothes.
You start with a wizard robe shoes and a hat.
There is also Roblox Minecraft, and other awesome games.
You know some tips and tools you know devices and games!
Along with the blocky game where you kill animals and call PETA!
So get out there and eat bread and drink G-Fuel!
Did you know that an atom consists of three parts electrons protons and neutrons?
First electrons are very tiny in fact they are the second smallest thing we have discovered.
Atom /adem/ n / an extremely small amount of a thing or quality
Electron /e’lekträn/ n/ a stable subatomic particle with a charge of negative electricity, found in all atoms and acting as the primary carrier of electricity in solids.
bases and players/teams.
Fwoosh “Strike three you’re out” the catcher says with a despairing tone in his voice.
Some of the most known teams include the Dodgers Saints yankees, and red sox.
There are also teams like the angeles blue jays rangers astros athletics and rays wich aren’t as popular but are still really popular.
I talked about rules bases and teams.
Types of games
In are world there is a bunch of games like mariosonic,minecraft,fortnite,roblox,mortal kombat and a bunch more.
Facts
Some games are interesting fun and more all types of games are you neak because they all sell different games.
There are different types of consoles like playstation xbox, nintendo, pcs and more.
Conclusion
Games are really fun to play you can build stuff in some games and other games are used for math Like st mathprodigy,wowzers and more.
Video game consoles
You need a console To play video games there are different kinds of consoles like the PlayStation Xbox, Nintendo, you can also play video cameras on a computer.
PlayStation wer mead in 1994the first PlayStation that came out was the PlayStation 1 the newest PlayStation is the PS4, but .Sony and Playstation said that they’re being a release of PS5.
Gaem
Video games that is what you put in the console you use controllers to see where you going and move around.
There is different kinds of video games like FIFA or Battlefield or fortnite the most popular game right now it’s a pack Legends it used to be fortnite.Mario games are really popular there is many Mario games then is Mario Tennis MarioKart, There is Super Mario run, but that’s a few There is 250 different kinds of Mario series.
Fortnite is a really popular game a lot of kids play fortnite fortnite got the best game of 2018 fortnite has a lot of skins and the lot of dances some of the most popular dances are the floss, or take the L.
Call of Duty World War II
Call of Duty World War II was about a real event it was in 1939 to 1845.You have to attack the German soldiersThere are campaigns missions or you could also go versus your friendsYou can play online with your friends there are different maps you can play on land or on water.
In the campaigns you have to pass the different Champs after you train you fight in the beach you have to go over the mountain to get to other side but it’s not easy you have to kill a lot of German soldiers you have to go under ground and fight them But it’s hard because they have landmines they have grenades and rocket launchers and machine gun.
Even though you probably think of wolves of attacking people they don’t.
Although if yo8u come across a wolf you will probably want to run away.
Also “ Each pack has a unique howl and while they don;’t howl at the moon wolves howl more when the moon is full and bright.” Said article 2.
A gray wolf eats different things they act in different ways and they have lots of babies.
For example birds fish lizards, and snakes.
Although they sometimes also hunt larger hoofed animals.
For instance deer elk, bison, and moose.
To add on wolfs can eat up to 20 pounds in a single sitting!
How a Gray Wolf acts
“Wolves communicate through body language scent marking barking growling and howling.” Said article 3.
For example if you ever hear a gray wolf barking they use this as a warning.
So you would want to get far away from the gray wolf or else they may attack.
Also if a gray wolf wants to play, it will either tuck in its tail or roll over on there back.
To add on how a wolf shows it’s feelings is similar to the way a dog shows its feelings.
Also howling is a way for wolves to call there pack together to help keep people or animals they don’t know away.
A Gray Wolves Babies
Did you know that when a wolf is born they only weigh 1 pound?
Also when they are born they can not see nor hear.
To add on “Adult pack members swallow meat and bring it back to their den for their pups.
After the adults regurgitate the food the pups have a hearty meal.” Said article 3.
Although they do a lot of playing growing up.
Did you know that “Gray wolves are the largest living wild canine species?” Said article 3.
In summary A gray wolf eats different things they act in different ways, and they have lots of babies.
Did you know that about 37% of American homes own cats?
They are unique because Their tails are unique There are many types of breeds and most of all they tesst responsibility.
For example Their tails allow for balance.
Another example is that Their tails can also be for communication With their tail, you can understand what your cat is feeling.
Like if their tail is up their ready to attack.
Finally cats can actually like without tails.
And when they lose their tails they can grow another one.
For example There are many types of mexican cats Like the Gato which are one of the most calmed cats.
To add on There are even more egyptian cats than any other countrie that has cats.
They have egyptian mau and the Don hairless.
Finally their are also european cats Like the famous European shorthair and also the burmese.
Although Cats are unique because their tails are unique and because their breeds Cats are unique especially because they test responsibility.
For example if you want a cat, Make sure you keep the bathroom door closed!
One time I accidentally left the bathroom door open.
One time my cat (named Lola) slept in my room for 6 hours straight while I was at school.
Cats can sleep a long time so make sure your quiet!
In conclusion Cats are unique because Their tails are unique and there are many types of breeds, and most of all because they test responsibility.
I think if you don’t have a cat you should try getting one from the shelter.
Also if you want a question do you love cats as much as I do?
Golf is a very fun and complicated sport many people around the world love it.
First I will teach you about the equipment you need then I will teach you about the rules of golf and finally I will teach you about the golf Competition.
There is a lot of equipment you need for golf Obviously some of the most important things you need is a golf ball and golf clubs, but you would be surprised on how much clothes matter in golf.
For example it is super cold out the clothes that you would where would have technology in them that would hold body heat in but if it was warm you would want clothes that let your skin breath so you wouldn’t be as hot.
Also some of the other equipment you need is a golf bag, a glove (so your hands don’t get blisters), and golf shoes.
Something really good about golf shoes is if the spikes on the bottom get worn out, you can just take the shoes to a golf shop and get new spikes on them!
You know that in golf you need a lot of equipment but there also a lot of rules in golf such as handicaps, tee boxes, and penalty strokes.
For example if your average score for a round was a 79 (6 over par) your handicap would be 6.
However if you played a person with a handicap of 0, they would have to give you 6 strokes for the match to be fair.
Also tee boxes, are places where you start hitting the ball on each hole.
Different players start at different tee boxes for example my dad starts from farther tee boxes than me because he hits it farther.
However if you hit it in the water you get a penalty stroke but usually there is a spot where you can drop the ball and play from there, that place is called a “drop zone”.
Finally I will be teaching you about golf competition.
For kids there is a local tour called U.S.
Kids Golf but if you are a beginner you shouldn’t do that.
Kids golf is all over the world even not in the U.S. which still doesn’t make any sense to me, because it is literally called U.S.
Unfortunately for grown ups there is no local tour it is either you travel the world to play professional golf tournaments, or, you just play golf courses close to you.
Also one of the most important kids golf tournaments is called U.S.
Kids Golf World Championships it is where the best 100 or so kids in the entire world for their age compete in North Carolina to be crowned the best kid at golf in the entire world it lasts two days.
I went there the place was absolutely beautiful but it was VERY rainy.
Even though I didn’t do that good I still beat some people, and I qualified for it again this year!
All in all I hope you learned a lot more about golf than you thought you would but trust me, you have about a gazillion more things to know, even I do!
You have learned about all sorts of the equipment you need to play you have learned about the rules of golf and finally you have learned about some of the competitions in the golf world.
I absolutely love golf and I think it is important for people to know more about it otherwize, they just think it is a sport where you hit a golf ball and try to make it in the hole.
Thank you for reading my Golf Information On Demand see you next time!
I think that giraffes are amazing because they are very tall they have a big heart and most of all because they are all different in some way just like people.
Also according to google when a baby giraffe is born it stands at 6 ft. tall and after 10 hours it will be running with the other Giraffes!
One example is according to google and it says that a Giraffe has a big heart because of its long neck because they spend a lot of time moving their heads down low top high so they need a way to keep the blood flowing to the brain so they don't get light headed.
Look at the line at Supreme and Bape mom it’s pretty big.
Hello today I will be telling you about some of the most $$$ and cool looking designer clothes in the word and the brands are Bape, Supreme and bape collab hope you enjoy and learn some stuff.
Bape is a big company that a lot of people are wearing these days and it goes for a pretty high price and I actually have a couple of these clothes and my sweatshirt that I have of theirs was 450$ and I will pull up a photo at the end of these paragraphs but what bape really is is a designer company and it is lot’s of money and they do some collabs with other $$$ companies and the colors are mainly green, purple and blue for a lot of their clothes but now we have to move on to the other brands.
Bape and Supreme did a big collab and they made a lot of money by a couple of shirts shoes and sweatshirts and I will pull up a photo of their collabs but the colors are usually camo and red black and yeah look at what it really looks like down here.
Good bye I hope you learned a lot about these two companies and the collabs I hope you can go and some of their clothes they look really cool and you will not regret your purchase at all.
Hoped you liked it oh and don’t tell you mom or dad that I wanted you to buy this stuff it’s a lot of money$$$.
Good players in the NFL
Introduction
	Hi guys I’m here teach you all about Tom Brady Rob Gronkowski and Ezekiel Elliott.
Last year Tom had 4355 yards passing that is one of the most.
Rob Gronkowski
	Fun fact Rob Gronkowski had 7861 yards in his career.
He has 28 TDs in his career TD is touchdown.
In his hole career he has 4048 so that means that in three years he has 4048 yards.
I think you should remember the names Tom Brady Rob Gronkowski and Ezekiel Elliott.
There’s three easy steps to Heely first you have to have the correct gear then you have to be in the correct area.
HEre are some of the reasons why you shouldn't litter one what littering does how it effects on animals and how it effects on people.
Also it makes our world even more polluted than it already is.
A fine is where the police will say that you owe them money and then that is really bad because then sometimes you will have to go pick up trash that isn't even yours it is called community service.
While we are talking about the ocean same thing it will end up in the ocean and pollute the water.
Also when you throw it out on the beach then it ends up in the water and it could wrap around a fish’s neck and kill an innocent fishie.
Also it can pollute the air.
Now you know What littering does how it affects animals and how it affects people.
You know why you should not litter and how you should help the environment.Also people that don’t  litter   have to suffer because of people littering.
This report will be telling you about how Communication is important to gray wolves whar gray wolves live, and the diet of a gray wolf.
First of all How is Communication important in a gray wolf pack.
A gray wolf's howl is very loud and is heard from far away So far it can be heard miles away.
Also every pack has a different howl so the pack will recognize the howl, and come to the wolf that needs help.
Where gray wolves
Furthermore where do gray wolves live.
They live in Alaska Canada, Asia, and Europe, but not very many  survived in Europe.
Also not very many survived because wolves had been shot trapper or  poisoned.
Wolves usually live in Forests Mountains, or Arctic ranger.
In addition what do gray wolves eat.
A gray wolf is a carnivore and they eat deer elk, and moose.
Wolves also food on birds fish, snakes and even fruit.
In conclusion the communication where they live, and their diet is all an important part of a gray wolves life.
Everybody thinks that gray Gray wolves are dangerous to humans but that’s a fable and it’s the other way around.
In the gray wolves world their top predator is us because we have hunted them to the point where they are endangered.
Gray wolves are amazing animals but this article that you’re about to read is about gray wolves habitats their amazing way to hunt and why we shouldn’t hunt them.
Gray wolves habitats have been shortening over the past years because of hunters and poachers that walk about in the forest in the lower 48 states gray wolves have been hunted to near extinction and are living in Alaska and Canada were plenty of mountains are for shelter.
For example gray wolves aren’t powerful put are smart and take down prey as a team a pack of wolves can take down 2 lions by outsmarting and outnumbering the opponents.
Not to mention if gray wolves lose their snowy habitat they could starve to death.
As you can see gray wolves are an amazing animal because of their habitats are cool, the way the hunt is awesome, and the should have never been hunted.
To pass you run down the field dribbling if a defender is coming at you you can pass to a teammate.
The field should have 2 goals 2 goal areas, sidelines, a center circle and 2 penalty boxes.
The positions that you will play are defender these people defend the goal midfielder these people score and defend forward these people score and get the ball close to the goal lastly the goalie the goalie defends the goal they are backup incase the forwards on the other team get past the defenders on your team.
Famou fouls goals and records
Fouls are not good goals are amazing, some records have never been broken.
Lastly some records are Pele a famous soccer player scored 1281 goals in his career.
Lastly you learned about Famous fouls goals and records.
First if the origin of tanks in 19- 1915 Britain if was around the time of WWI and the enemy’s were toos trong any trench they went in they would be instantly killed so Britain had an idea they would make heavy armored vehicles, with piercing shells that would tear through any armored vehicles.
But there was one problem they weren't sure how to make powerful shells, and the heaviest armor was too heavy they couldn't move it.
It was pretty good then but it only takes a few shots to the weak points (manhole right/left side) It was called the Little willie Later in WWII the enemy’s figure out what they were doing and beat them to there goal of the piercing shell and heavy armor.
Shells are important parts of tanks because without shells the guns would only fire machine guns that do nothing to other tanks.
Britain wasn’t lazy using shotgun shells for tanks they didn't know that to use it for the shell and the tanks fire wasn't very powerful so the normal shells now would have just exploded in front of tank.
Also shells are measured in size (mm cm)
From left to right 90 mm shrapnel shell 120 mm pig iron incendiary shell 77/14 model 75 mm shrapnel shell.
Tanks are very interesting to learn about mostly on shells and armor.
Tanks hold 3-5 men Driver commander, loader, and gunner, those are mostly there.
World War II: T-34 Tiger Panzer Panther, and Sherman.
In the Vietnam warL m-48 Merkava, MkIID Baz, Xm1202, T-90, m1a1 abrams, type 10.
It;’s even used for things like radios digital clocks etc.
Although technology was used for outstanding things like medical uses and wheelchairs!
In fact without technology we wouldn’t know anything about our earth!
Programming is and important aspect of our society without it, you wouldn't be reading this right now, and I wouldn't know anything about this subject.
Oh thinking about it, that one isn’t that bad
First any type of programming software.
My recommendations are JavaScript Visual Studio Code, and Python.
For this essays sake let’s use the Python language.
The things i will be telling you are How to play then famous people that played and last but most important gear!
Now let’s start by the points if you make a basket inside of the arch line that counts as 2 points.
Famous people that/ still play the game of basketball are LeBron James he was a great inspiring player to the NBA  and he still plays he played on the Miami HeatCleveland Cavaliers and now he play for my team the Los Angeles Lakers.
Other things are tightsheadbandwristband  arm sleeve and socks.
Presently that would be $1050 which is not a lot a lot of money.
New York was first found in around 10000.B.C.
In 11000 A.D. there were two main cultures Iroquoian and Alqonguian.
In 1807 the first steamboat line in 1831 the first regularly scheduled rail service.
In 2001 was the September 11 attacks destroying World Trade Center and killing 3,000 people.
It is the world’s most famous office building it’s also a historical landmark and was named the America’s Favorite Architecture.
The cost for building it is $40948900 is the cost with the land the cost without is $24,718,000.
January 9 1903 is when the Yankees became a team.
The Statue of Liberty was built in September 1875.
If you want to learn more about Narwhals then read on.
In this essay you will learn about Narwhals habitats their Diet\Predators and threats that could make Narwhals Extinct.
Primarily Narwhals stay in the Atlantic ocean (In the Arctic).
Narwhals have only two teeth both in the upper jaw.
Narwhals make deep dives to feed near the bottom likely using suction to swallow their prey whole.
Narwhals eat fish shrimp and squid.
Lastly my third subtopic is about the threats to Narwhals.
For example people hunt Narwhals for their ivory.
For example the climate is getting a little bit warmer in the arctic places.
Lastly Narwhals are threatened from industrial activities.
For example some factories that have gas coming out of the top, even though they are thousands of miles apart, the gas could get into the air of a Narwhal and kill it.
All in all you have learned a lot about Narwhals.
You have learned about the habitats of a Narwhal the diet\predators of a Narwhal, and the threats of a Narwhal.
Futsal is a very cool and unique sport because of ball control the different rules and the types of kicks you can do in futsal.
Another reason you need ball control is because there is a lot of players.
But sense your playing on a basketball court with nine other people it shows you need ball control.
Another general rule is there is NO offside.
Another type of rules is the substitution rules.
One of these rules is the referee will not stop the play for a substitution according to the United States Futsal.
One last type of rules is the restart rules.
Although futsal is a cool and unique sport because of ball control and the different rules, futsal is especially a cool and unique sport because of all the types of kicks you can do.
One type of kick you can do is the sided kick.
First you need to have a time when your going to kick.
Next you swing your foot sideway connecting with the ball.
Finally when you hit the ball push all your power into it and you have a perfect sided kick.
Another type of kick is the Dybala kick.
First you knee the ball in mid-air.
Then do a sided kick and you have a perfect Dybala kick.
In conclusion futsal is a cool and unique sport because of ball control, different rules and most of all because of all the types of kicks.
SOmething sweet as heaven and you feel like your dancing on clouds.
Not only do cupcakes smell good but also there are many flavors, you can decorate them however you want and there easy to make!
Lemon cake and vanilla frosting or the other way around.
Blueberry frosting mmmmmmmmmm!
Decorating
Now that you know all of the flavors and have chosen yours out it’s time to get whatever decorations you want!
One is edible and the other is non-edible.
(Birthday wedding anniversary etc:) Edible decorations are also on all of those things too.
Sprinkles candy beads extra decorative frosting edible glitter there are just so many!
If you are going to use a cupcake wrapper choose wisely!
In conclusion cupcakes have many ways to decorate.
When making a cupcake make sure you have and adult supervision because you will be dealing with hot surfaces and no one wants to get hurt right?
First you need all your wet ingredients.
Eggs Milk butter and everything else that is a “wet ingredient”, put them all in a bowl and put it under a mixer until all of the bubbles and clumps are gone.
next grab all of your dry ingredients.
Flour sugar baking soda and everything else that is a “dry ingredient”.
After that combined all of they ingredients and put them in one big bowl and put that under the mixer.
(See above) Then put the batter into a cupcake tin and make sure it’s all evenly spread out.
after you hear the heavenly ding of the wonderful pastre take they out pup them out, and decorate!
Finally you can eat your sweet treat!
After all cupcakes come in a wide range of flavors can be decorated any way you want and are easy to make.
Additionally Pandas eat up to 27 pounds each dayThere are many ways why pandas are going excited , but don’t just sit there,  you can help pandas from going extinct.
160000 sq kilometers of bamboo is getting cut down each year.
WWF “Bamboo contains very little nutritional value so pandas must eat 12-38 kg every day to meet their energy needs.”
Additionally there food is theirhabitat so they have nowhere to live.
According to endangered-no-more-giant-pandas “Giant pandas first become endangered in 1990 due to excessiive poaching in the 80s and deforestation depleting their bamboo food source.
There are many ways you help pandas For example help at Panda rescue center Protect bamboo for going extinct, tell people to not cut down bamboo.
For example their food is going exited Their starting to nowhere to live.
So you try being a panda you try being a pandas you won’t live that long if this keeps happening,
Gaseous emissions from volcano formed the earth’s atmosphere.” (dosomething.org) The Ring of Fire contains many volcanes there are also many different types of volcanoes, some more dangerous than others.
Also the Ring of Fire is 24900 miles all around it.
The three main types of volcanoes are composites, shields, and lava domes.
Composite volcanoes are 8000 foot domes that are filled with lava and magma.
Finally lava domes are formed by magma that can not go away or move very far.
Mount Vesuvius Mount Rainier, Novarupta, Mount Pinturbo, Mount St. Helens, Mount Agung,and Mount Fuji are the most dangerous volcanoes.
Mount Rainier’s most recent eruption killed around 23000 people but, erupted in 1894.
“On May 18 1980, an earthquake struck below the north face of Mount St. Helens in Washington state, triggering the largest landslide in recorded history and a major volcanic eruption that scattered ash across a dozen states.” (The Atlantic) “Agung’s euption lasted 11 months, producing dangerous ash fall and pyroclastic flows that led to more than 1,000 deaths and property damage.” (Time) If Mt.
Fuji ever erupts agani it’ll affect 25,000,000 people(death, sicknesses, ect.
Theses include inter-plate activity where magma pushes up between cracks in tectonic plate boundaries; the drift of hotspots in continental plates which pushes magma through the surface; and magma chambers opening up beneath the earth, which cracks the surface of forms volcanoes.” (Referece.com).
The most common way they’re formed is when magma pushes through from below the Earth’s crust into the crust.
I hope you learned how The Ring of Fire contains many volcanes and how there are also many different types of volcanoes some more dangerous than others.
CYBERPOWERPC i think that you should buy this gaming PC because it has intel core AMD FX 6200 processor and lots of other things that will make you look like a gamer and your gaming setup look like a true gaming setup this gaming setup runs like a real gaming setup.
Did you know that “wolves often travel at five miles (8 kilometers) and hour but can reach speeds of 40 miles (64 kilometers) an hour?” (NWF.org) They communicate with other wolves by barking or howling.
First off all wolves communicate through body language scent marking, barking, and howling.
Wolves/Dogs may howl because another wolf is howling and it can be heard from 10 miles away.
When a wolf backs down from another wolf it will couch whimper, tuck in its tail, lick the other wolf’s mouth or roll over on its back and when a wolf is going to fight it puts his ears back on his head and growls to warn others to stay away.
When a wolf wants to play it prances about happily and bows-lowering the front of its body while its butt stays up in the air with its tail wagging.
When it’s angry a wolf may frown its forehead show its fangs, or growl.
A pack is a family of 7-8 wolves with a mom dad, and baby wolves.
Females typically weigh 60 to 100 pounds and Females typically weigh 60 to 100 pounds and males weigh 70 to 145 pounds.
Wolves also eat smaller mammals birds fish lizards snakes and fruit.
Wolves are Carnivores and they prefer to eat large hoofed mammals such as deer elk bison and moose.
They hunt smaller mammals such as beavers rodents, and hares.
