All About My Mom

Introduction
	Do you love your mom? I hope so! I love my mom because she does stuff for me like help me with things I can't do I my own, taking care of me, and encouraging me to do things that I don't feel certain about. Why should you continue reading? You should keep reading because you might relate to something I wrote and you know that you're not the only one with those thoughts.

Helpful
	Does your mom help you when you're stuck on a math problem? My mom does, well, sometimes. My mom helps me with things that I can't do by myself. An example for this is when she helps me on homework. She does this by teaching me what it's asking me and shows me things that I didn't know how to do before. That's not the only reason my mom is helpful, she also makes sure I'm okay like when I'm going on a care trip. When I'm going on a long car ride she usually gives me pills to help me not get sick. One example for this is when she opens a water bottle for me when I can't. I know that might not seem like a lot, but I probably wouldn;t be able to open the water bottle without her help. And lastly, another example is when we're out somewhere and something is happening. I'm usually too short to see, so my mom carries me up so I can.

Caring
	What does your mom do that's caring to you? My mom is caring to me by helping me take care of my tortoise, helping me with gardening, and giving me as much of her love as she can to me and my brother. Sometimes I can't do certain things to take care of my tortoise so my mom helps me with them. My mom feeds him everyday in the morning right after she drops me up from school. And she also takes him out in the garden when I can't, everyday. My mom also helps me with gardening. She does this by helping me not get too messy when by the soil. That may not seem that caring but it's actually a hard job. I'm a clumsy person and get messy easily so her help is very appreciated. And last of all, my mom is caring becase she

Encouraging
	What things does your mom encourage you about?


Conclusion
	Now you hopefully know about how much my mom takes care of me, how encouraging she ism how helpful she is to me, and how amazing she is. But before you leave, I want to explain how I felt writing this. Do you usually get to spent time with your mom? Well I'm one of the many that do. Writing this made me realize that there was a lot of kids that don't though. And that made me think about how lucky I was and am to get to spend the amount of time that I do with my mom, and made me appreciate the things she does for me a little more. So if you do get to spend time with your mom, go tell her how grateful you are for what she does. But if you don't get to spend that much time with your mom, you should still thank her for getting to spend time with her at all, she'll really appreciate it. 